Website: https://www.odessahs.org///apps/staff/?id=18066 








Staff - 



























Welcome to Duck Nation


button
button
button

















Welcome to Duck Nation


☓









+About»Alumni Directory»Building Use»Campus»Diversity & Inclusion»FAQ»Leadership»Legal Notices»Profile»Tours»Traditions»Safety & Security»School Locator»Start/Dismissal Times»Vision, Mission & Values+Directory»Administrators»Teaching Faculty»Student Services»Office Staff+Academics»Ninth Grade Academy»School of Agriculture & Natural Resources»School of Business & Economics»School of Culinary Arts & Hospitality»School of Education & Human Studies»School of Health Sciences»School of Language, Literature & Human Development»School of Military & Civic Leadership»School of Performing & Design Arts»School of Science, Technology, Engineering & Math»School of Skilled & Technical Trades+The Arts»OHS Band»OHS Performing Arts Center»OHS Theatre»Performance Ensembles»Visual Arts+Athletics»All-Sports Boosters»Athletic Director»Athletic Trainer»Athletic Forms»Directions to Fields»Philosophy of Sport & Sportsmanship»Mascot»Schedules»Teams+Students»Anonymous Reporting»Bell Schedules»Course Catalog»Dress Code»School Menu»Student Parking»School Supplies»Scholarships»School Store»Staff Recognition+Student Services →»Counselors»Library»Nurse’s Office»Transcripts»Work Based Learning+Parents»Absence Request»AP Testing Fees»ASD Academic Calendar»Chromebook Store»Consent Form»Choice»Common Core»Code of Conduct»DUCK Family Focus»Health Updates»Home Access Center»Homeless Education»Mobile App»Parent-Faculty Organizations»School-Based Health Center (Wellness Center)»Testing/Assessment»Transcripts»Water Education»Work Based Learning+Support OHS»Donors»Fundraising Calendar»Parent-Faculty Organizations+Contact»Absence Request»Contact Us»Directions










Skip to content
Skip to menu









Staff




Search:





		There is no staff matching your search criteria
	

Teaching Faculty






							 Sebastian Acosta-Nijamkin
						








							Ms. Kristen Bain
						

							ELA Teacher
						








							Mr. Daniel Becker
						

							ELA Teacher
						








							 Madison Bendistis
						








							Mr. Jeff Billings
						

							AgriScience Teacher
						








							Dr. Amanda Binkley
						

							Engineering Teacher
						

							Ed.D. District Leadership
						








							 Jenna Black
						








							 Ryan Britz
						








							 Janet Britz
						








							Mr. Stephen Capelli
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						

							MED (Masters of Educational Counseling)
						








							Ms. Amanda Chas
						

							Theatre Director/ Teacher
						








							 Xuetao Chen
						








							 Paul Collier
						








							 Kyle Curry
						








							Mrs. Vicki Dalton
						

							Biology Teacher
						








							 Rachel Daniels
						








							 Kyle Dimichele
						








							Mrs. Stephanie Donnelly
						

							World Language Teacher - American Sign Language 
						








							Ms. Julia Dumas
						

							Teacher - AP Government & Politics, African American History
						

							MA - Teaching,  MA - History,  BS - Business Management
						








							Mr. Scott Duncan
						

							ELA Teacher
						








							Mr. Brian Endlein
						

							Band Director/ Teacher
						

							Bachelors of Music Education,  Masters of Education (expected completion 2024)
						








							Ms. Jenn Engels
						

							Earth & Space Science and AP Environmental Science Teacher
						








							 Josh Farside
						








							 Shawn Fausey
						

							Chemistry Teacher
						

							B.S. Chemistry Education Drexel University,  M.S. Education Cabrini College
						








							Mrs. Jessica Fogiel
						

							Mathematics Teacher
						








							Mrs. Michelle Fone
						

							English Teacher
						

							BS Grand Canyon University,  MS Grand Canyon University
						








							 Lauren Glazewski
						

							Para Educator
						








							Mr. John Gordon
						

							Orchestra Director/ Teacher
						








							Mrs. Megan Harwood
						

							Mathematics 
						








							Mrs. Lisa Hertzog
						

							Math Teacher
						

							M.Ed. Special Education
						








							 Alexia Hill
						








							Ms. Kim Hines
						

							Allied Health Teacher
						

							MSN, RN
						








							Miss Kathleen Ho
						

							Engineering and Chemistry Teacher
						








							Mrs. Katy Hoffecker
						

							Math Teacher
						








							Mrs. Sarah Holden
						

							Inclusion Social Studies Teacher
						

							M.Ed. Secondary Teaching (Wilmington University),  BAS in Anthropology (University of Delaware),  BAS in History (University of Delaware)
						








							Sr. Michael Husni
						

							Spanish and Theatre Teacher
						








							Mr. Drew Keohane
						

							ELA Teacher
						

							B.A University of Delaware, History,  M.A.T Wilmington University Secondary Social Studies
						








							 Casey Kessler
						








							 Kara Kochis
						








							Mrs. Jill Kotowski
						

							Criminal Justice Teacher
						

							Masters in Education Counseling
						








							 Lyndsay Krapf
						








							Mr. Kevin Lair
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						








							Mr. James Latavitz
						

							Mathematics & Computer Science Teacher
						








							 Karima Lewis-Pettigrew (Pettigrew)
						








							 Fran Lucia
						








							Mrs. Amber Magyar
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						








							 Chris Malec
						








							SGM William McDaniel
						

							JROTC Instructor
						

							MSM HR Management
						








							 Amy Miller
						








							 Chef Karen Miller
						

							Culinary Arts Instructor 
						

							Certification in Applied Culinary Arts,  Associates Degree in Hotel, Restaurant and Institutional Management
						








							Mrs. Emily Miller
						

							Teacher Academy teacher
						

							M.A. History Trinity College, Dublin
						








							Mr. Jamil Moore
						

							Jobs for Delaware Graduates Teacher
						

							B.A. Mass Communication,  Delaware State University
						








							Mrs. Amy Moores
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						








							 Laura Persofsky
						








							 Lilian Pimentel-Whitehair
						

							Spanish Teacher
						

							Dr. in Medicine.   Certified in Community Health.,  Certified in Teaching (U.D.)
						








							 Fei Rao
						








							Mr. Richard Reed
						

							Earth and Space Science and Environmental Science Teacher 
						

							Associates, Cecil College,  Bachelors, University of Delaware
						








							 Lynae Reese
						








							 Mark Reynolds
						

							Driver's Education Teacher
						








							 Carolynn Ritter
						

							American Sign Language Teacher
						








							 Kathryn Sabol
						








							 Raven Saunders
						

							Spanish Teacher
						








							 Devon Scaramazza
						








							Mrs. Brianna Shetzler
						

							Visual Arts Teacher
						








							 Bryce Snider
						








							 David Strong
						








							 Carl Suddler
						

							JROTC Instructor
						








							Mr. Rocky Tejada
						

							Choral Director/ Teacher
						








							Mrs. Ann Terranova
						

							Work-Based Learning Specialist
						








							Ms. Angela Tran
						

							ELA Teacher
						

							B.A. Secondary English Education
						








							 Bret Vendrick
						

							Physical Education Teacher
						

							Bachelor's of Science Health & Physical Education University of Delaware
						








							 Anna Vila
						

							Health and PE Teacher
						








							 Philip Walstrom
						








							Mr. Alex Weaver
						

							ELA Teacher
						








							Mr. Christopher Wendel
						

							French Teacher
						

							M.Ed in Applied Educational Technology,  M.B.A in Management Information Systems,  B.A. in French Education & Triple Language
						








							Mrs. Corey White
						

							Instructional Coach
						

							M.A. TESOL, B.E. Health and Physical Education, Spanish Studies
						








							Sra. Tabitha Williams
						

							Spanish Teacher
						

							BA in Spanish,  MBA from Wilmington University
						








							Mrs. Nikita Williams-Lee
						

							Biology Teacher
						








							Mr. Bob Willoughby
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						








							Ms. Amanda Wlock
						

							Media Specialist
						








							Ms. Shellee Wong
						

							Mathematics Teacher
						

							M.Ed. in Curriculum and Instruction,  B.A. in Secondary Mathematics Education
						








							Mr. Joe Worthington
						

							World History Teacher 
						








							 Katie Wright
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						

							University of Delaware, B.A.,  Wilmington University, M.Ed.
						








							 Jenny Zhang
						

							Japanese Teacher
						

							Master Degree
						

















Connect with us! 

Facebook
Twitter
Home Access


Appoquinimink School District



570 Tony Marchio Drive, Townsend, DE 19734
Phone: (302) 842-2625
























Main Menu







R: Start/stop reading the current menu items
Esc: Go previous items or close main menu









            Welcome to our Accessibility Toolbar! Committed to inclusivity, our team at Educational Networks
            designed this
            feature specifically to enhance the user experience on school and school district websites. Whether
            you're
            looking to change text attributes for better readability, adjust the screen's contrast and saturation
            for
            clearer visuals, or want an audio narration of content blocks, our toolbar is here to ensure a seamless
            and
            accessible experience for all users. We understand that everyone interacts with web content in their own
            unique
            way, and with this toolbar, we aim to cater to a diverse range of needs.
        


Activating the Accessibility Toolbar
Starting Up: Initially, the toolbar is in a disabled state. To enable it, simply click on the
            small
            "accessibility toolbar" icon situated at the bottom right of the screen. Upon clicking, a control panel
            will
            slide in from the bottom, offering you a series of user-friendly options.
Stealth Mode: Enable the "Stealth Mode" for a more unobtrusive view, by clicking the small button
            with a down arrow. The control panel will slide down and disappear, and the accessibility toolbar icon
            will appear with a green checkmark to indicate that the toolbar's functionality is still active and
            can be accessed using keyboard shortcuts.
Turning Off the Toolbar: To completely deactivate the toolbar, click on the small button with an "x"
            within the control panel. The control panel will slide away and the green checkmark on the accessibility
            toolbar icon will be removed, indicating that the toolbar is fully deactivated.
Reactivating the Toolbar: Even after turning off, you can reactivate the toolbar at any point by
            simply
            clicking the "accessibility toolbar" icon. This brings back the control panel, allowing you to customize
            your
            experience once more.
        

Font Customizations
Font Size: Adjust the text size to your liking. Use the keyboard shortcut "F" to swiftly toggle
            between
            different font sizes.

        

Visual Adjustments

            Our toolbar allows you to personalize your visual experience by adjusting contrast and saturation
            levels. These
            adjustments are designed to cater to a wide range of visual preferences:
Contrast Adjustments: Enhance or decrease the difference between text and background colors. This
            can be
            particularly helpful for users with visual impairments like low vision, color blindness, age-related
            macular
            degeneration, or cataracts, as the difference between text and its background becomes more
            pronounced.
Saturation Modifications: Adjust the intensity of colors on the webpage. Modifying saturation can
            significantly benefit individuals with color vision deficiencies or color blindness, as it can make
            certain hues
            more discernible or reduce confusion between colors. This feature also supports those who experience
            visual
            discomfort from overly vibrant colors.

            By tweaking these settings, you can ensure that the content presentation matches your visual comfort,
            making the
            browsing experience both accessible and enjoyable.
        

Reading Bar

            Click the "reading mask" to introduce the "reading bar." This feature
            emphasizes an area spanning the full width of the browser window, covering just a few lines of text,
            with shaded
            areas above and below to reduce distractions. The reading bar is particularly beneficial for individuals
            with
            challenges such as dyslexia, visual processing issues, or ADHD, as it helps isolate text and reduce
            visual
            stress, making navigation of large text blocks more manageable.
        

Audio Narration

            Engage with content through two effective auditory methods:
Direct Text Highlighting: Highlight the specific text you're interested in and press "r". The
            system will
            promptly read the selected text aloud.
Block Reader Feature: Activate the "Block Reader" by clicking its designated button. Once
            enabled,
            the system will visually emphasize content blocks by drawing a rectangle around them as you hover. This
            gives a
            clear indication of the content block currently selected. To hear the content within this block, press
            "r". If
            you wish to halt the narration at any point, simply click the Escape button.
        

Enhanced Menu Navigation

            To offer users an alternative, simplified navigation experience, our toolbar provides the "Enhanced Menu
            Navigation" feature. You can activate this feature either by clicking its dedicated button in the
            control panel
            or simply by pressing "m" on your keyboard.

            Once activated:
Dialog Box Display: A dialog box emerges over the website content, showcasing menu items in an
            enlarged
            format. For quick navigation, each menu item is paired with a unique number.
Audio Assistance: For those who benefit from auditory cues, pressing "r" allows the system to
            read out
            the menu items and their associated numbers aloud.
Intuitive Navigation: By inputting the number of a menu item via the keyboard, users can
            seamlessly
            explore deeper into submenus. Items are displayed in the same user-friendly manner, and if a chosen item
            is
            linked, the system immediately directs users to the relevant URL.

            This feature serves as an alternative method to traverse the website, catering specifically to users who
            might
            find this format more comfortable or efficient based on their individual preferences or needs.
        

Keyboard-Only Operability
            Recognizing the importance of an unobtrusive browsing experience, our Accessibility Toolbar has been
            meticulously designed to function without the need for the on-screen control panel. By mastering the
            keyboard
            shortcuts, users can seamlessly engage with all the toolbar's features, allowing them to enjoy the
            original
            website design and content with minimal visual disruptions. This approach ensures that everyone can
            access the
            enhanced features while preserving the intended aesthetic of the website.
Click here for the complete list of keyboard shortcuts.


            Thank you for using our Accessibility Toolbar. We hope this guide assists you in navigating our website
            effortlessly. Should you have any feedback or require further assistance, please reach out to our
            support team.
            Your feedback helps us improve and cater to the needs of all our users better. Enjoy your browsing
            experience!
        











