Website: https://www.wssd.k12.pa.us/BestInstructionalPractices.aspx/Staff.aspx 





	Staff Portal












































West Shore
School District








Contact Us
Aesop


Staff
Parents
Students






About Us

Superintendent's Corner
Central Office Administration
Mission, Vision, Shared Values, and Goals
Stories of Student Success
Stronger Together
Comprehensive Planning
Calendars & School Hours
School Directory & Map
Staff Directory
Contact Us



Schools

Cedar Cliff High School
Red Land High School
Allen Middle School
Crossroads Middle School
New Cumberland Middle School
Fairview Elementary School
Fishing Creek Elementary School
Highland Elementary School
Hillside Elementary School
Newberry Elementary School
Red Mill Elementary School
Rossmoyne Elementary School
Washington Heights Elementary School
ExCEL Virtual Learning Academy / CAOLA
Cumberland Perry Area Career & Technical Center



Departments

Athletics
Business Office
Communications
English Language Development
Feasibility & Facilities
Food Services
Health Services 
Human Resources
Open Records
Registration
Safety & Security
Special Education
Student Services
Technology & Media
Transportation



Curriculum

Elementary School
Middle School
High School
Credit Recovery, Acceleration and Test Prep Opportunities
District Curriculum
Summer School
Art Education
Career Education
CharacterStrong & Social Emotional Learning
Shared Stories: Inclusive Literature Initiative
Assessments
Best Instructional Practices
Data Analysis
Future Ready PA Index
PA Core Standards
Standards Aligned Systems
Growth Mindset
Habits of the Mind
Student Success Anchors
Multi-tiered Systems of Support
Personalized Learning



School Board

About the Board
Board Member Bios
Board Minutes
Meeting Dates
Meeting Agendas
On Board
Board Policies
Watch Meetings Online



Community

Alumni
Community Bulletin Board & Guidelines for Distribution of Fliers at Schools
Community Partnerships
Driving Literacy Home
Facility Requests
Fundraising Guidelines
Gold Cards
HACC Certificate of Residency
Red Land Disc Golf Course
Red Land Trail System
Red Mill Walking Trails
Volunteer Information
West Shore Foundation
West Shore Recreation Commission














Staff Portal








ADA Menu



Staff Portal

Instructional Technology Resources
Employee Handbooks
Professional Learning Opportunities
Support Learning Opportunities
Business Office, Human Resources, and Health Insurance Forms
Crowdfunding Policy & Form
English Language Development
Field Trip Information
Special Education
Student Safety
Wellness Committee
Workplace Safety Files & Committee Information
ACE Room Calendar & Reservations








Educational Links for Staff

ELEMENTARY MATH RESOURCESMust be signed in to your District Google account to view.TECHNOLOGY HELP CENTERVideos, resources, FAQs, and guides on using Seesaw, Schoology, PowerSchool, iPads, Chromebooks, and more.Student Device Issues - District Issued Chromebooks and iPadsStudents attending in-person classes having issues with their device should first reach out to their teacher to troubleshoot the issue together (broken link, incorrect file permissions, etc.). Depending on the issue the teacher may resolve the issue, submit a technology help desk ticket on the student's behalf, or direct students to the office (K-5)/school library (6-12) for additional assistance.ExCEL Virtual Learning Academy (Powered by CAOLA) students needing technical assistance with a District issued device or account should submit request for assistance via our student device issues form, click here.


Employee Assistance Program

Mutual of Omaha’s EAP assists employees and their eligible dependents with personal or job-related concerns, including:Emotional well-beingFamily and relationshipsLegal and financial mattersHealthy lifestylesWork and life transitionsEAP BenefitsUnlimited telephone access to EAP professionals (24 hours a day, seven days a week)Telephone assistance and referralService for employees and eligible dependentsRobust network of licensed mental health professionalsFour face-to-face sessions with a counselor (per household, per calendar year)Visit mutualofomaha.com/eap or call 1-800-316-2796 for confidential consultation and resource services.


District Pledge

Please feel free to download the file below and hang in your classroom or work area!  #OneDistrict 





Our Pledge



















Staff Announcements

PSERS' Foundations for Your Future SeminarsThe Public School Employees’ Retirement System (PSERS) holds Foundations for Your Future (FFYF) seminars throughout the area.  These FFYF seminars provide active members with information about PSERS benefits and services.  A PSERS Retirement Counselor will cover topics such as benefit options, withdrawal of contributions, rollovers, taxes, and legislative actions affecting PSERS.  PSERS recommends that all active members attend an FFYF seminar, particularly if you are planning on retiring within the year. Advance registration is not required to attend any of these seminars. For a complete listing of upcoming seminars, click here.


Policy Updates

For your reference, during the 2022-2023 school year and summer of 2023, the following policies were added or revised.New Policies113.1: Discipline of Students with Disabilities113.4: Confidentiality of Special Education Student Information    200: Enrollment712: Facility Dogs805.2: School Security Personnel Revised Policies005: Organization113: Special Education113.2: Positive Behavior Support113.3: Screenings and Evaluations for Students with Disabilities218.4: Terroristic Threats221: Dress and Grooming237: Electronic and Personal Communication Devices 606: Tax Collection810: Transportation





What Cycle Day is it?



#WestShoreProud

Please feel free to use our District hashtag in your social media posts, emails, and printed materials.  That hashtag is... #WestShoreProud Please Note: Wallingford-Swarthmore School District in Delaware County, PA is using the hashtag #WSSDproud.



Click here to read the latest e-News.



In support of our ongoing commitment to the well-being of our staff, we have partnered with Care Solace to provide an additional layer of care for our community. Care Solace assists individuals find mental health care providers and substance use treatment centers. Their services may be accessed at no cost to you, 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, 365 days per year, and in 200+ languages. To utilize Care Solace, call 1-888-515-0595. A Care Solace team member will help you every step of the way to research options, secure appointments, and follow up to make sure it is a good fit. For anonymous help, answer a few questions to get matched with an extensive list of care providers at www.caresolace.com/westshore.For more information about Care Solace and additional resources, please click here to visit our Student Services page.


Staff and the Media

NEWS MEDIA: Employees of the District should contact the Director of Communications, and their principal/supervisor if they are asked by a reporter to speak about District events or initiatives in which they will be identified as a staff member of the District. This should occur prior to any on or off camera interviews, statements, and photographs.  Additionally, if interested in sharing a positive story with the media, please work with the Communications Department before initiating contact with a news station.  SOCIAL MEDIA: We recognize that many of our employees are active social media users. As a school district, we also incorporate social media as part of our communications strategy. The lines between public and private, personal and professional, are blurred online. Staff are asked to carefully consider what they post online and how it may be perceived.  


Quick Links for Staff

District Help DeskFrontline Absence Management (AESOP) LoginAED & Stop the Bleed Kit LocationsCAIU Spam & Virus FirewallEAC/Staff Portal LoginFacility Requests  PA-ETEPPowerTeacher LoginPowerSchool Admin Login SafeSchools Training  Staff Email Login Staff Email Archiver


Website Quick Link



eSchoolView Website Login


















West Shore School District
507 Fishing Creek Road, P.O. Box 803New Cumberland, PA 17070Phone: 717-938-9577 | Fax: 717-938-2779










Annual Notices for Parents & Guardians
Non-Discrimination StatementTitle IX Regulations Website Accessibility Notice



download pdf viewer    
download ms word    
download powerpoint    
download excel






© 2024. West Shore School District. All Rights Reserved.


School CMS Created by eSchoolView




Site Map





View text-based website




