Website: https://www.appohigh.org///apps/staff/?staffCatREC_ID=3313 








Staff - 























 










☰







{"text":"Welcome to the Appoquinimink High School website!    Welcome to the Appoquinimink High School website!     Welcome to the Appoquinimink High School website!","delay":"35"}




Translate
 


 (302) 449-3840



 Family  Newsletter



 Careers 









+About»Welcome»Our School»Registration»Alumni Directory»Careers»Directions»Diversity & Inclusion»Giving Back»Health, Safety & Security»Tours»Legal Notices»Principal's Message+Directory»Administration»Office»School Based Health Center»Teachers and Staff+Pathways»Overview»School of Agriculture & Natural Resources»School of Business & Economics»School of Culinary & Hospitality Management»School of Education & Human Studies»School of Health Sciences»School of Language, Literature & Human Development»School of Military & Civic Leadership»School of Performing and Design Arts»School of Science, Technology, Engineering & Math»School of Skilled and Technical Trades+The Arts»Band»Choir»Orchestral Strings»Theatre Arts»Visual Arts+Athletics»Jaguars-Sports»DIAA Physical Forms»DIAA Spectator Code of Conduct»NCAA Eligibility+Students»Academics»Bell Schedule»ClassLink»Code of Conduct»Course Catalog»Clubs and Activities»HAC Link»Parking»Schoology»Scholarships»School Menu»School Store»Student Documents»Student Fee Portal»Summer Credit: College, HS»Tech Ticket Form»Work Based Learning+Parents»Academic Calendar»Absence Request»AP Information»Communication»Forms»Home Access Center (HAC)»Newsletter»Parent App»Scholarships»Work Based Learning+Support Services»College and Career Readiness»ACT, SAT Entrance Exams»AP and Dual Enrollment Courses»Applications: The Common App»LAUNCH Into Your Future»College Representatives at AHS»College/Career Search Tools»NCAA Eligibility»Scholarships»Transcript Requests»Counseling»Guidance Department»Library»Nurse’s Office»Social Worker»Translation Services»Wellness Center»Contact Us




x





 (302) 449-3840



 Family  Newsletter



 Careers 














Skip to content
Skip to menu









Staff




Search:





		There is no staff matching your search criteria
	

Teachers and Staff






							Ms. Cheryl Apparicio
						

							Teacher - Business Education
						

							BA - Business Education,  MA - Special Education
						








							Mr. Thomas Baker
						

							Teacher - Social Studies
						








							Mr. Jamal Barnes
						

							Math Teacher
						








							Mr. Adam Bear
						

							Teacher - Social Studies
						








							 Lance Berry
						

							Teacher
						








							 Ellen Bitler
						

							Teacher
						








							Ms. AnneMarie Bobon
						

							Art Teacher
						








							 Linda Brady
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Adam Burtchin
						

							Teacher - Spec. Ed./ELA
						

							B.A. Miami University
						








							 Katie Chambers
						

							Teacher
						








							 Xuetao Chen
						

							World Languages
						








							Ms. Caitlin Connor
						

							Math Teacher
						








							Mr. Aaron Curley
						

							Math Teacher
						








							 Mary D'Orazio
						

							Teacher
						








							Mrs. Michelle Dadisman
						

							Science Teacher
						

							BS Biology & Psychology,  MA Secondary Teaching
						








							Mrs. Jessica Davis
						

							Teacher - Visual/Performing Arts
						








							Ms. Sarah Demmy
						

							Teacher
						








							Ms. Emily Derrick
						

							English Language Arts & AP Seminar Teacher 
						








							 Chris DiMascio
						

							Teacher
						








							 Nicole Donato
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Christopher Duvall
						

							Teacher - Chemistry, Envi.Sci  -  NHS Advisor
						

							BS Meteorology U of OK,,  EdM Science Ed. Rutgers U.,,  MA Ed. Leadership Montclair St. U.
						








							Ms. Cheri Eleazar
						

							Nurse
						








							Mr. Cosimo Faella
						

							Teacher - English
						








							Mr. Andrew Feeley
						

							Teacher
						








							Miss Mary Leigh Filippone
						

							Theatre Department Teacher/Director
						

							Bachelor of Science, Educational Theatre at New York University
						








							Ms. Meissa Gonce
						

							Teacher
						








							Ms. Haley Graham
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Anthony Greenstine
						

							Teacher - ELA
						








							Ms. Maria Guarni
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						

							B.A. University of Delaware,  M.ED Johns Hopkins University
						








							Mr. Charles Hensel
						

							Librarian
						








							Dr. Nathan Herbert
						

							Teacher
						








							Mrs. Gretchen Hertzog-Mahar
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Brian Hoffses
						

							Teacher - Math
						








							Mr. Kevin Hoy
						

							ELA Teacher
						

							BA English (University of Delaware),  MA Film Studies (Hollins University)
						








							Mrs. Diahann Johnson
						

							French Teacher
						

							MA, University of Delaware,  BA, Oberlin College,  Foreign Languages and Literature
						








							 Marcus Johnson
						

							Teacher
						








							 Brian Johnson
						

							WBL Specialist
						








							 Phyllis Kacher
						

							Science Teacher
						








							Mrs. Andrea Keim
						

							Teacher - Visual/Performing Arts
						








							Mr. Benjamin Keller
						

							Teacher - Social Studies
						








							Mr. Wesley Kendle
						

							Teacher - Social Studies
						








							 Alexis Kimpton
						

							Math Teacher
						

							Bachelor of Arts in Secondary Math Education from the University of Delaware
						








							Mrs. Tina King
						

							Teacher - L.I.F.E. Program (18-21)
						








							Ms. Diana Koch
						

							Science - Spec Ed
						








							Mr. Rob Kogut
						

							American Sign Language Teacher
						








							Mr. Stephen Landry, M.Ed.
						

							Teacher - Engineering
						

							M. Ed
						








							Ms. Alita Lee
						

							Science Instructor
						








							Mr. Jordan Legath
						

							Teacher - Health/Physical Education
						








							Mrs. Jennifer Loftus
						

							Teacher - Math
						

							BA: Mathematics,  MST: Mathematics
						








							Mr. Keith Malinak
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Thomas Maloney
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Armand Masse
						

							Teacher
						








							 Mackenzie McCracken
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. William McDaniel
						

							Army JROTC Instructor
						








							Mr. Christopher McNeil
						

							Teacher
						








							 Kendall Metz
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Mike Milchovich
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						








							Mr. Shaun Miller
						

							Physical Education Teacher
						








							Ms. Heather Mills
						

							Math teacher
						








							Ms. Heather Mirto
						

							Special Education English Teacher
						








							Mr. David Moore
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						

							Temple University: B.S.,  University of Delaware: M.A.
						








							Mr. Brian Morris
						

							Teacher - Social Studies 
						

							BA Elon University 1998
						








							Ms. Debra Morrison
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Ryan Moseley
						

							Teacher - Visual/Performing Arts/Instrumental Director
						

							Bachelor of Science in Leadership and Consumer Economics,  Highly Qualified Certification in Music Education,  Master of Instruction-Music Education
						








							Ms. Victoria Murphy
						

							Teacher
						








							Ms. Aileen Murray
						

							Digital Communications Technology Teacher
						

							B.S. in Communication,  Occupational Associates Degree in Digital Animation and Visual Effects
						








							Mr. Chris Muscara
						

							Athletic Director 
						

							B.S. Health and Nursing Science- Health and Physical Education
						








							Ms. Lindsay Myers
						

							Teacher - 
						








							Dr. Diana Nardozzi
						

							English Language Arts Teacher
						

							B.S. in Elementary Education,  M.Ed. in Instruction,  Ed.D. in Higher Education Leadership and Innovation
						








							Mrs. Cassandra Neubauer
						

							World Languages - Spanish Teacher
						

							Masters of English, Salisbury University,  Bachlor's of Science in Elementary Education, University of Delaware
						








							 Raymond Patuano
						

							Teacher
						








							Mrs. Cassandra Pierce
						

							Social Studies/Special Education Teacher
						

							M.Ed,  BS
						








							Ms. Cheryl Pinder
						

							Teacher
						








							Ms. Dana Price
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Tom Purse
						

							Teacher - Criminal Justice
						

							The King's College NY,  B.S. Physical Education and Health
						








							Ms. Lisa Regler
						

							English Teacher
						








							Mrs. Dana Reynolds
						

							Biology/A&P teacher
						

							BS Biology M.Ed Curriculum and Instruction
						








							Sra. Kathryn Rump
						

							World Languages - Spanish Teacher
						

							BA in 3 Foreign Languages,  M.Ed - Spanish Education,  M.Ed - Applied Technology
						








							Mr. Aaron Rush
						

							Teacher - English Language Arts
						

							MED,  BA
						








							Mr. Chris Rutter
						

							Drivers Education
						








							Mrs. Susan Sappington
						

							Teacher - Math
						

							B.A. - Secondary Math Education,  M.Ed. - Elementary and Secondary School Counseling
						








							 Nicole Seda
						

							Teacher
						








							 Michelle Semonelle
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. William Shank
						

							Computer Science Teacher
						

							Industrial Engineering
						








							Mr. Andrew Shatley
						

							Teacher - Chemistry
						








							Ms. Tiffany Sinsabaugh
						

							Teacher
						








							 Amanda Smagala
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Roland Stewart
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Steven Sygowski
						

							Teacher--Environmental Science and Inclusion
						








							Ms. Charlene Taylor
						

							ELA
						








							Ms. Jamie Theibault
						

							Teacher - Driver's Education
						








							Mr. David Thomas
						

							Teacher - Social Studies/Head Cross Country/Track & Field Coach 
						








							Ms. Ronda Thomas
						

							Teacher
						








							Mr. Brian Timpson
						

							Teacher - Social Studies
						








							Mrs. Brandy Timpson
						

							Ag Teacher
						

							Bachelor's in Agriculture Education from University of Delaware,  Master's in Applied Technology in Education from Wilmington University
						








							Mr. Enoch Usenbor
						

							Science Teacher
						








							Ms. Kareemah Warren
						

							Teacher - Mathematics
						








							Mrs. Elena Willis
						

							ESL Teacher
						








							Ms. Morgan Wright
						

							Social Studies Teacher
						








							Mr. Aijun Xiong
						

							Teacher
						


















  




1080 Bunker Hill Road
                            Middletown, DE 19709




 P: (302) 449-3840
F: (302) 378-5130






Connect  with us

















powered by Educational Networks

























Main Menu







R: Start/stop reading the current menu items
Esc: Go previous items or close main menu









            Welcome to our Accessibility Toolbar! Committed to inclusivity, our team at Educational Networks
            designed this
            feature specifically to enhance the user experience on school and school district websites. Whether
            you're
            looking to change text attributes for better readability, adjust the screen's contrast and saturation
            for
            clearer visuals, or want an audio narration of content blocks, our toolbar is here to ensure a seamless
            and
            accessible experience for all users. We understand that everyone interacts with web content in their own
            unique
            way, and with this toolbar, we aim to cater to a diverse range of needs.
        


Activating the Accessibility Toolbar
Starting Up: Initially, the toolbar is in a disabled state. To enable it, simply click on the
            small
            "accessibility toolbar" icon situated at the bottom right of the screen. Upon clicking, a control panel
            will
            slide in from the bottom, offering you a series of user-friendly options.
Stealth Mode: Enable the "Stealth Mode" for a more unobtrusive view, by clicking the small button
            with a down arrow. The control panel will slide down and disappear, and the accessibility toolbar icon
            will appear with a green checkmark to indicate that the toolbar's functionality is still active and
            can be accessed using keyboard shortcuts.
Turning Off the Toolbar: To completely deactivate the toolbar, click on the small button with an "x"
            within the control panel. The control panel will slide away and the green checkmark on the accessibility
            toolbar icon will be removed, indicating that the toolbar is fully deactivated.
Reactivating the Toolbar: Even after turning off, you can reactivate the toolbar at any point by
            simply
            clicking the "accessibility toolbar" icon. This brings back the control panel, allowing you to customize
            your
            experience once more.
        

Font Customizations
Font Size: Adjust the text size to your liking. Use the keyboard shortcut "F" to swiftly toggle
            between
            different font sizes.

        

Visual Adjustments

            Our toolbar allows you to personalize your visual experience by adjusting contrast and saturation
            levels. These
            adjustments are designed to cater to a wide range of visual preferences:
Contrast Adjustments: Enhance or decrease the difference between text and background colors. This
            can be
            particularly helpful for users with visual impairments like low vision, color blindness, age-related
            macular
            degeneration, or cataracts, as the difference between text and its background becomes more
            pronounced.
Saturation Modifications: Adjust the intensity of colors on the webpage. Modifying saturation can
            significantly benefit individuals with color vision deficiencies or color blindness, as it can make
            certain hues
            more discernible or reduce confusion between colors. This feature also supports those who experience
            visual
            discomfort from overly vibrant colors.

            By tweaking these settings, you can ensure that the content presentation matches your visual comfort,
            making the
            browsing experience both accessible and enjoyable.
        

Reading Bar

            Click the "reading mask" to introduce the "reading bar." This feature
            emphasizes an area spanning the full width of the browser window, covering just a few lines of text,
            with shaded
            areas above and below to reduce distractions. The reading bar is particularly beneficial for individuals
            with
            challenges such as dyslexia, visual processing issues, or ADHD, as it helps isolate text and reduce
            visual
            stress, making navigation of large text blocks more manageable.
        

Audio Narration

            Engage with content through two effective auditory methods:
Direct Text Highlighting: Highlight the specific text you're interested in and press "r". The
            system will
            promptly read the selected text aloud.
Block Reader Feature: Activate the "Block Reader" by clicking its designated button. Once
            enabled,
            the system will visually emphasize content blocks by drawing a rectangle around them as you hover. This
            gives a
            clear indication of the content block currently selected. To hear the content within this block, press
            "r". If
            you wish to halt the narration at any point, simply click the Escape button.
        

Enhanced Menu Navigation

            To offer users an alternative, simplified navigation experience, our toolbar provides the "Enhanced Menu
            Navigation" feature. You can activate this feature either by clicking its dedicated button in the
            control panel
            or simply by pressing "m" on your keyboard.

            Once activated:
Dialog Box Display: A dialog box emerges over the website content, showcasing menu items in an
            enlarged
            format. For quick navigation, each menu item is paired with a unique number.
Audio Assistance: For those who benefit from auditory cues, pressing "r" allows the system to
            read out
            the menu items and their associated numbers aloud.
Intuitive Navigation: By inputting the number of a menu item via the keyboard, users can
            seamlessly
            explore deeper into submenus. Items are displayed in the same user-friendly manner, and if a chosen item
            is
            linked, the system immediately directs users to the relevant URL.

            This feature serves as an alternative method to traverse the website, catering specifically to users who
            might
            find this format more comfortable or efficient based on their individual preferences or needs.
        

Keyboard-Only Operability
            Recognizing the importance of an unobtrusive browsing experience, our Accessibility Toolbar has been
            meticulously designed to function without the need for the on-screen control panel. By mastering the
            keyboard
            shortcuts, users can seamlessly engage with all the toolbar's features, allowing them to enjoy the
            original
            website design and content with minimal visual disruptions. This approach ensures that everyone can
            access the
            enhanced features while preserving the intended aesthetic of the website.
Click here for the complete list of keyboard shortcuts.


            Thank you for using our Accessibility Toolbar. We hope this guide assists you in navigating our website
            effortlessly. Should you have any feedback or require further assistance, please reach out to our
            support team.
            Your feedback helps us improve and cater to the needs of all our users better. Enjoy your browsing
            experience!
        











