Website: https://www.scs-k12.net/Chiefofstaffandtransformationoffice.aspx 





	Chief of Staff & Transformation Officer 









































Skip to main content














 Login 














Username:
Username



Password:
Password



 Login






Forget the password ?































Voice Recognition





X










Search

•Employee


•Parent


•Student










District

Board of Education
About Our District
Staff Directory
Parent & Community Engagement
Registration & Enrollment
Safety & Security
District Title VI/ Title IX/ Section 504
Comment Card
Sidney Frohman Planetarium
Coronavirus Hub



Schools

Sandusky Digital Learning Center
Sandusky Early Learning Academy
Sandusky Primary School
Sandusky Intermediate School
The Regional Center for Arts & Academic Studies
Sandusky Middle School
Sandusky High School
Sandusky Career Center



Families

Translated Documents
Back to School Hub
2024 - 2025 District Calendar (English)
2024 - 2025 District Calendar (Spanish)
Where do I find...
OneView Portal
Our Schools
Lunch Menus
District Forms, Documents, & Handbooks
Campus Wear, Supplies, & Fees
Family Health Services Clinic at SHS
Staff Directory
ProgressBook (Parent & Student Portal)
ClassLink



Departments

CEO & Superintendent
Chief of Staff & Transformation Officer
CFO & Treasurer
Curriculum Director
Employment & Personnel
Arts, Athletics, & Activities
Dining Services & Nutrition
Facilities & Maintenance
Gifted Services
Marketing & Communications
Parent & Community Engagement
Preschool Education
School Improvement & Grants
Student Services & Family Support
Technology
Title Programs
Transportation



2030 Vision

Envision 2030
Building Updates



















Chief of Staff & Transformation Officer 







Departments

Chief Executive Officer and Superintendent 


Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer


Chief of Staff & Transformation Officer 


Director of Curriculum & Instruction


Employment & Personnel


Athletics & Activities Department


Facilities Management


Gifted Services


Student Services & Family Support


Federal Programs & Competitive Grants


Technology


Title Programs


Transportation













Chief of Staff & Transformation Officer

Mr. Dennis MuratoriChief of Staff and Transformation Officer[email protected]419-984-1016 Dennis Muratori was born and raised in Sandusky and is a proud 1984 graduate of Sandusky High School. He began his teaching career in 1993 as an intervention teacher at Lorain Southview High School. After one year in Lorain, Mr. Muratori returned to his hometown to further a career in public education.  Over the span of 17 years, serving the students and families of Sandusky, Mr. Muratori fulfilled the role of teacher, coach, Sandusky High School building level administrator, district athletic director, and assistant superintendent. Along his professional journey, Mr. Muratori expanded upon his leadership experiences serving as middle school assistant principal in Vermilion, principal of the EHOVE  Career Center, and eight years as superintendent for Huron City Schools.  Mr. Muratori earned his undergraduate degree from Bowling Green State University in 1990. He continued his education at Cleveland State University, earning his Certification in Elementary Education, a Masters in Administration, and an Ohio Superintendent License. He returned to Bowling Green to continue post-graduate work in Leadership Studies. Mr. Muratori and his wife Rebecca have three children. 











Notice of Non-Discrimination and Information on Title VI, Title IX, Section 504, Ohio Department of Education 

The Sandusky City School District does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age in its programs and activities. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the District’s nondiscrimination policies:Sandusky City School Schools Title VI & Title IX Coordinator Chief of Staff and Transformation Officer Mr. Dennis Muratori 407 Decatur Street Sandusky, OH 44870-2442419-984-1016 or [email protected] The Chief of Staff and Transformation Officer may refer some matters related to students with disabilities to the Director of Student Services and Family Support, who can also provide information concerning placement and services for students with disabilities under Ohio Department of Education, Section 504. The Sandusky City School District has procedures for the referral, evaluation, and placement process for students with disabilities as required by Section 504 of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act. A copy of the District’s procedures can be obtained on the following link: https://www.scs-k12.net/StudentServices.aspxYou may contact the Chief of Staff and Transformation Officer (see above) or Director of Student Services and Family Support to obtain a paper copy of the District’s Section 504 procedures:Sandusky City School SchoolsDirector of Student Services and Family Support407 Decatur Street, Sandusky, Ohio 44870-2442419-984-1050 or [email protected]




Resources



Title IX Training Outline







Title IX Training Power Point










Staff Trained in Title IX


Cosetta Adkins




Eric Johnston




Brent Maillard




Zachary Meyers




Dennis Muratori




Rebecca Ramano




Valerie Riedthaler




Michael Sanders




Sarah Thoene















407 Decatur StreetSandusky, Oh 44870Phone: 419-626-6940
Email: [email protected]




Facebook



Twitter



Youtube




Sandusky Bullying & Safe Schools Tipline 419.625.8477




Ask Us

Your Message


Email Address




To validate your submission, please answer the following math problem:




























© 2024. Sandusky City School District. All Rights Reserved.



View text-based website



School CMS Created by eSchoolView






