Website: https://dohs.bambergschools.org//staff 












        
    Staff

    
































Skip to main content











  
                Login
            































Top Button Menu





Parents
Students
Staff
Community









We are providing hope to our students, while enriching our community.






197 Viking Circle, Denmark, SC 29042Phone: 803-793-3307 | Fax: 803-679-2390


























Main Navigation Menu





Home


                                About
                                


About the School
Administration
Bell Schedule
Community
Calendar
Menus
School Forms
School Report Card
Staff Directory




                                Academics
                                


CTE
Electives
Educational Links
Guidance
Library
Transcript Request




                                Athletics
                                


Basketball-Varsity Boys
Basketball-Varsity Girls
Cheerleading
Football
Golf
JV Boys Basketball
JV Girls Basketball
Soccer- Boys
Soccer- Girls
Track-Boys
Track-Girls
Volleyball




                                BCSD Schools
                                


Bamberg-Ehrhardt High School
Bamberg-Ehrhardt Middle School
Denmark-Olar Elementary School
Denmark-Olar High School
Denmark-Olar Middle School
Richard Carroll Elementary
Adult Ed
First Steps


Clubs
Contact
District
NotifyMe















































































































Bamberg School District Two Faculty and Staff areTHE BEST!We are so glad that you are a member of our team. Thank you for all the hard work and caring support that you give our students each and every day. Because of what you do, our students are destined for greatness. On this page you will find information and links to meet the needs of our faculty and staff. Please contact your administrator if you are not able to find the information you are looking for on this page.PLEASE NOTE: Some links on this page may require you to log in with your district G Suites account. Links may take you to websites outside of Bamberg2.org.










Links






CertificationResourcesHuman ResourcesSC Department of EducationStandardsTASCTeacher Loan ForgivenessTrainingTest Scores






































Bamberg School District Two is committed to providing equal access to educational and employment opportunities regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, disability, pregnancy, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity status, spousal affiliation, or any other protected characteristic, as may be required by law.We are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. This website endeavors to comply with best practices and standards defined by Section 508 of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act.

































Search





















Copyright © 2024 Bamberg County School District


 
















