Website: https://www.flagstaffacademy.org/apps/pages/student-support-gifted-talented 











Gifted and Talented - Educational Support - Flagstaff Academy

























































Skip to main content






Main Menu Toggle


About Us


Leadership Message
School Mission
School Hours
Strategic Plan
Financial Transparency
Before and After School Care
What is a Charter School
Board of Directors
Employment
Staff Directory
Student Teaching
FAQs
Donate










Academics


Learning Environment
Core Knowledge
Academic Calendars
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
Science and Technology
Foreign Language, Arts, & Music
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education
Physical Education
Flagstaff Academy Library
Gifted & Talented










Culture


Dragon Culture
PTO
Volunteer at Flagstaff
Student Leadership
Student Support
Counseling Department
Athletics
Community Partnerships
Flagstaff Family-Owned Businesses
Alumni
Clubs and Activities
Weather and School Closures










Science & Technology


About Flagstaff Science and Technology
Elementary School Science
Elementary School Technology
Middle School Science
Middle School Technology
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education










Enrollment


Enrolling at Flagstaff Academy
Preschool Enrollment
School Tours
Open Enrollment FAQs
Online Application
New to Longmont?










Contact Us


Contact Us
Attendance
Activity Fees and Payments
Health Clerk
Events Calendar
Dragon Communications














Header Secondary Links

Parent Portal




Search

Search

Search




Social Media - Header

Facebook
Instagram
YouTube







Student Support

            
    

    
        » Gifted and Talented

Gifted and Talented





Flagstaff Academy is committed to providing support for all students to reach their potential. The mission of our gifted programming is to provide identified students with rigorous, engaging, and challenging educational opportunities which are responsive to their individual strengths and needs so that they will achieve academic and personal growth commensurate with their abilities.
The students in the Gifted and Talented program experience training in creativity, critical thinking, problem solving, and logic.
 
PROGRAMMING AND ENRICHMENT OPPORTUNITIES

Flagstaff Academy has a Gifted and Talented teacher on site who works directly with gifted students. Identified pupils in grade K-5 are provided pull-out services one to four times weekly depending on scheduling. Gifted and Talented activities are created to support the Core Knowledge sequence and classroom content. 
 
Affective (Social/Emotional Learning)

Jacob's Ladder Reading Comprehension Program Social-Emotional Intelligence (Grades K-2)
Mark Hess social & Emotional Curriculum for Gifted Students (Grades 3-5)
7 Mindsets (schoolwide) 

 
Mathematics

Advanced Math Classes (3rd-5th grade)
Honors Math Classes (6th-8th grade)
EnVision 2.0 Enrichment (Kindergarten-5th grade)
Beast Academy for GT students (1st-5th grade)
Noetic Learning Math Competition (2nd-5th grade)
Math Counts Competition (6th-8th grade)

 
Critical Thinking

Primary Education Thinking Skills Curriculum (Kindergarten-3rd grade)
ThinkLaw Curriculum (Kindergarten-5th grade)

 
Reading

Jacob's Ladder Reading Comprehension Program (Kindergarten-5th grade)
Honors Level ELA Classes (6th-8th grade)

 
Enrichment Opportunities

Destination Imagination Early Learning Rising Stars (Kindergarten-2nd grade)
Destination Imagination (3rd-5th grade)


 
 
Nomination
Students may be nominated for the gifted and talented program at any grade level by teachers, counselors, and parents. All second grade students will be screened for GT services. Screening will be completed in the fall of each school year. Notification will go out to parents in advance of the screening dates.
 
Identification
Flagstaff Academy follows the protocols designated by St. Vrain School District in identifying gifted students. Criteria to identify gifted and talented students shall be established in the Board-approved program for the gifted and talented. The criteria shall be specific to the state definition of gifted and talented and shall ensure the fair assessment of students with special needs, such as the culturally different, the economically disadvantaged, and students with disabilities.
 
Questions about our Gifted and Talented program? Contact Kahlie Benz, Gifted and Talented Teacher.









Welcome to Student Support




Counseling Department




Gifted and Talented




Special Education

















	Leilana Ocanas
					
Gifted and Talented Long Term Substitute



locanas@flagstaffacademy.org

303.651.7900



















2040 Miller Dr., Longmont, CO 80501
Phone: (303) 651-7900 
Fax: (303) 651-7922 


M-F 7:45AM - 4:00PM


EARLY STUDENT PICKUP CLOSES AT 3:15 PM






Footer Links

Support Flagstaff Academy
Financial Transparency
Board of Directors
Volunteer







Powered by Edlio

Edlio Login 





Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact
 









