Website: http://www.worthingtonlibraries.org///borrow/featured/staff-picks/year 

























































Picks of the year | Worthington Libraries


































































Skip to main content







Secondary navigation




Get a library card!




My account






Translation navigation




Translate




Español




Português




عربي




Af-Soomaali






























Main menu










Visit




Hours and holidays




Locations




Services





Borrow




Borrower's Guide




Catalog




Featured titles




Gear, gadgets and kits




Picks of the year




Right-now reads




Staff picks




Title lists





Download




Digital resources A-Z




Comics




E-audiobooks




E-books




E-magazines




Music




Video





Explore




Databases A-Z




Language learning




Local history and community




Newspaper and magazine articles




Reference and research




Schoolwork guides




Subject guides





Calendar




All events




Today at the Library




Books and authors




DIY and crafts




Food and lifestyle




Games and hobbies




Storytimes




Technology and gadgets




Register online!





About




Anti-racist organization




Awards and honors




Data-driven library service




Friends Foundation




Give to the Library




Jobs at the Library




Library leadership




News and features




Our mission




Policies and guidelines




Reports and plans





Help




Contact




FAQ




Search this website




Sitemap





Translate




Af-Soomaali




Español




Português




عربي





Get a library card!




My account






‌













Open Tuesday: 9am-9pm

 Hours  Today at the Library







Search Search catalog:Search website: 
Value 






















Breadcrumbs



You are here:
HomeBorrowFeatured titlesStaff picks







Picks of the year



















Staff-suggested materials ahead!


RevisedJanuary 3, 2024




You can always count on library staff to recommend some of the year's best books, music and movies. Here's hoping you discover new favorites!



Library staff loved these 146 titles published in 2023.





Audience
- Any -All agesFamilies-Babies-Toddlers-Preschoolers-Kids-TweensTeensAdults


Format
- Any -audiobookbook-board book-chapter book-graphic novel-picture book-readermusicvideo


Genre
- Any -award winnersbook club pickscomics and graphic novelsfamily lifefantasyfictionfood and cookinghistoryhorrorhumor and satireidentity and culturelove storiesmysterynonfictionpeoplereferencescience fictionseasonalsportsthriller and suspense











Lori W says:If Insta had been a thing, the Beatles would have been posting these shots. #FabFour #BritishInvasion





Annie C says:Reincarnation, revenge, royalty and romance. A fast, engaging and fantastical read. Plus, that cover!





Chaz C says:I'll read anything Timothy Egan publishes, but as a Midwesterner, this book felt even more relevant.





Kate F says:Listen, I don't want to go back to middle school, but I sure did love this graphic memoir. Santat perfectly captures those awkward, tender years.





Courtney K says:We love a picture book that proves Batman is just as awkward as the rest of us.





April O says:This fun, heartfelt space adventure won me (a sci-fi avoider) over with its humor and awesome characters.





Lexi B says:Warning: Your consciousness will get sucked into this amazing sci-fi world. A perfect choice for fans of grim dystopian fiction or The Last Cuentista.





Stephanie B says:What do you do when the person that everyone loves turns out to be the monster that every girl should fear?





Desi T says:I could feel the emotion behind each phrasing. I loved the ways the two stories were intertwined. Really good read for fans of realistic fiction.





Kelly B says:Be ready to stomp, roar, growl and giggle as you show off your monster skills.





Morgan H says:Mirror, mirror, on the wall: who's the wiggliest one of all? Find out in this delightfully interactive board book, perfect for busy babies everywhere.





Heather  W says:One part "The Breakfast Club" +  one part Simon Vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda = one amazing read!





Sarah C says:A beautiful, multigenerational novel about three Vietnamese women grappling with motherhood. My favorite read of the summer, and by an Ohio author!





Annie C says:Hilarious, delightful and full of tongue-twisting verse. I could not stop laughing! It begs to be read aloud and has something for the whole family.





Courtney K says:A fun romance all about finding your voice and appreciating the people you meet along the way. So sweet, it'll leave you craving a snack cake.





Susan A says:Having grown up watching Fonzie on "Happy Days" every week, this was a real treat! Perfectamundo!





Julie M says:There is always more than you see at first in nature, and also in people.





Jeff D says:Posthumous records are rarely good, but this may be the best Sparklehorse album. Like a departed friend speaking to you one more time.





Andrew C says:Catton maps the fault lines between her characters, and within the world, with unsparing clarity. This wild, messy allegory is an unstoppable read.





Carol V says:Fill your weekly menu with meals that are easy on your wallet and time, while delicious and satisfying for the whole family.





Kelly B says:Bruce really doesn't like Halloween. Will a scary story from his friends change that? Great surprise ending!





Hilary H says:In a religion without love, three young campers work toward the freedom to be themselves. The only problem is the demon following their every move.





April O says:Neurodiverse self-actualization story steeped in time travel and Greek mythology references. Fun from start to finish, and every do-over in between.





Morgan H says:Feast your eyes (literally!) on this fascinating culinary treasure trove that had my stomach growling from start to finish.





Chaz C says:Want a break from Nordic noir? Newly translated from Norwegian, this award winner is a beam of light.





Courtney K says:This was heartbreaking, but in the absolute best way, and you'll find yourself rooting for Mothman's existence the entire time.





Hannah M says:This book made me run home and hug my dog! A perfect read for all animal lovers.





Meredith R says:Kid pulls a "Freaky Friday" with her cat with hilarious and unsurprisingly disastrous results.





Annie C says:An epic duel between sisters. A story of loss, family and sisterhood. Perfect for fans of Raina Telgemeier.





Annie C says:Time travel. Sci-fi. Slasher. What's not to like? The first of an ongoing series, Jones' horror makes its move into comics with a good bloody romp.





Cora S says:A charming story of a father and son bonding over the eclipse.





Susan A says:Mouth-watering recipes caught my eye, but the history of North Carolina pit masters had me captivated!





Jeff D says:Do we need another live recording featuring Coltrane? Listen to this recently found show and you will know that's a ridiculous question.





Heather H says:Craving some comfort food this winter? Or summer? Or spring? This book's got you covered!





Sarah C says:A beautiful and poetic family saga featuring multiple generations of Marte women who are full of secrets and magic. Acevedo's audio narration is fire!





Jeff D says:This book hits the ground running and never lets up! If you like the Evil Dead movies, you will enjoy this crazy ride.





Amanda K says:It's not vanity, it's self-improvement. A captivating exploration of the K-beauty industry. Rich with cultural history, this book is unputdownable.







Leah B says:So sweet and gentle, yet harsh and alluring. Big feels and big sapphic love had me captivated all through the audio!





Carol V says:Get your fill of nostalgic vibes and behind-the-scenes drama from all your favorite teen hit shows!





Heather  W says:I was never quite sure what was coming next. That's a good thing.





Lori W says:Sit, stay and read. "A tail-wagging good time! My hooman learned so many ways to unleash the fun at our house! 4 paw review." - Marco, standard poodle





Cora S says:This title lived up to the hype! I highly recommend the audiobook.





Dierric R says:Celebrates connection among the Black community. Includes decades of knowledge filled with joy, laughter and empowerment.





Jeff D says:One company assembled the best artists in the history of comic books, and together they illustrated 25 Bradbury stories. An amazing, beautiful book!





Andrew C says:A dazzling and involving celebration of the past, present and future greatness of women's hoops. Can't wait for the second edition.





Dierric R says:Laugh-out-loud novel filled with relatable content-- sister bonding, new friendships and navigating cultural identity in of all places...Disney World.





Hannah M says:It turns out John Stamos is so much more than the beloved Uncle Jesse. Read it to find out!





Julie M says:A fast-paced true story of teens whose heroism saved hundreds of thousands of lives!





Becca B says:It's been months and I still cannot stop thinking about this book. Maybe Abernathy vacuumed up all my other memories?





Lily D says:Reading Julia's perspective gave the world of Orwell's 1984 more depth. This is a must-read for fans of the original.





Marisa W says:The moment I learned that spiders have fuzzy paws for feet, is the moment I learned to see them with kinder eyes. Fascinating!





Courtney K says:This is the kind of book I wish I had when I was in middle school. It's reflective and empowering, and just so relatable.





Hannah M says:Finally, cookbook with great recipes and techniques! This is perfect for a beginner chef.





Coleman M says:Horror meets western as Adelaide Henry escapes her past to the big skies of Montana, but nowhere is safe from the monsters we create for ourselves.





Chaz C says:This is a fast-paced, feminist Western that will have you wanting to saddle up a horse and ride into the open plains.





Heather H says:If you ever wanted to know what it would be like if your American Girl doll tried to murder you, watch this movie!





Carmi D says:The easy-to-make adobo chocolate chip cookies are a delicious medley of sweet and umami-- I love the chocolate paired with the pop of pink peppercorn!





Amanda K says:MCU fans assemble! As super as its movies, this is an engaging, deeply researched "behind-the-scenes" of Marvel Studios' rise to cinematic dominance.





Susan A says:I love the art in this graphic novel, which takes you on an adventure with fun and whimsy all along the way!





Lily D says:What do you see when you picture motherhood? How is that vision influenced by social media?





Jeff D says:Told through short stories in different genres (war, sci-fi, crime, romance), this is a haunting masterpiece by one of the greatest cartoonists ever!





Hilary H says:A swoon-worthy courtship turns deadly with the perfect combination of romance and chills.





Becca B says:I, too, would move in with a vampire if rent was $200.





Marisa W says:I adore a good field guide, and this hefty volume features more than 660 species of mushrooms, complete with tons of colorful photographs.





Heather  W says:A sweet teen rom-com with a dash of geekery.





Sarah C says:Dark, twisty and completely riveting... just how I like my thrillers, but the full-cast audiobook makes this one shine. Listen to it!





Amanda K says:Ordinary women take the stage in this fascinating, intersectional re-examination of Britain's past. Forget about history. It's time for HERstory.





Heather  W says:When you feel like you're losing everything, it might be time to change the rules.





April O says:Upsetting, powerful and so well done. A meticulous, yet approachable peek behind the curtain of monumental events.





Morgan H says:Buckle up and prepare to hear how big you've gotten-- the aunties are coming to town!





Sarah C says:An incredibly thought-provoking and bittersweet story about what it really means to forgive. This one is raw and heavy, but worth it.





Lily D says:I love the little details in the illustrations. I wonder where all of our books have been...





Jess P says:Intimate and meditative, writer-director Celine Song's haunting debut explores the bittersweet pressures that time and choice place on our lives.





Jade B says:Have you ever wondered "what’s wrong with this country?" Well, prepare to be both disheartened and enlightened.







Coleman M says:Finally, a self-care book that addresses the unjust systems that overwork us AND empowers readers with tools to fight back. No bath bombs required.





Dierric R says:A heartfelt story of friendship, though imaginary, real in its own way with a cute twist at the end.





Desi T says:I loved the animal-human relationship the most in this story. It hits all the right emotional notes.





Jess P says:A novel as dark as the black hole the main character *literally* carries around with her.





Hannah M says:This debut novel belongs on your TBR list!





Heather  W says:All the big high-school-romance feels in this gorgeously written love story about a pink-haired boy who meets a blue-haired boy.





Carol V says:Approachable and helpful DIY repair for your home, complete with QR codes that take you to videos with Mercury Stardust, an absolute ray of sunshine.





Amy B says:Fans of Scaredy Squirrel will love this festive addition to the series. Can't wait to share it with my nephews!





Heather  W says:A gothic horror novel sure to send creepy crawlies up your spine. Not for anyone with a fear of bugs.





Andrew C says:These pages contain the spookiest and most spellbinding fun you'll have at the movies this year.





Sarah C says:An unforgettable debut novel that weaves native tales into a bone-chilling mystery while illuminating the real-life dangers Indigenous women face.





Becca B says:Reading a library copy of this deterred me from throwing it off a cliff after a certain section. Emily Tesh is a (brilliant) scoundrel.





Carol V says:Multi-layered board book with the cutest pups you've ever seen frolicking together no matter their size, shape or color!





Kelly B says:Captures all the drama, humor and heart of small-town life.





Becca B says:True love is a boy begging to buy you a rug with flowers on it.





Libby V says:This book can convert anyone into a lover of rom-coms.





Carol V says:Let this book help make your apologies effective and empathic, and laugh along the way!





Kate F says:Sometimes the only thing to do in hard times is head into the woods and find some connection with nature and your fellow campers.





Lily D says:In her debut book, this local author reminds us to navigate the world with compassion and empathy.





Dierric R says:Easy recipes to follow, even for novice cooks! Everything from sticky barbecue wings to lemon-glazed blueberry scones.





Chaz C says:Let's be creative and go on an epic adventure!





Dierric R says:Follow a child's journey as they discover their love for painting and helping people in the community come together in the best way.





Sarah C says:A 50-year-old secret revealed changes everything for two families. Heartbreaking, beautiful and raw. This little debut packs a big gut punch.





Susan A says:From savory to sweet, this cookbook has fabulous recipes with loads of photographs. Every dish I sampled was delicious!





April O says:I got thrills from the mystery and chills from the despicable side characters. A wild ride from start to finish!





Heather H says:Discover the fascinating stories behind some of the most common superstitions around the world! Couldn't we all use a little bit more luck?





Becca B says:I collected not one single regret reading this book.





Marisa W says:Reading an entire book is a challenge for me, so an anthology, such as this, is perfect...particularly when it's well-written and wonderfully weird!





Terry M-R says:Just in time for summer, this book is a garden of earthly delights created by and for children.





Meredith R says:Do yourself a favor and flip straight to the Kentucky Butter Cake on page 197.





Annie C says:A retelling of the folktale, "The Crane Wife." A moody piece of magical realism, with a dash of horror, that is best read on a dark or rainy day.





Jodi L says:Heavy on the romance and light on the history, this juicy YA Bridgerton will have you swooning!





Thad P says:An unknown story about some of the most powerful World War II leaders and how they overcame personality, pride and ego to form a winning war strategy.





Susan A says:My brain feels like it has been twisted into a pretzel, in a good way!





Morgan H says:A treasure hunt with mysterious, eccentric relatives at an old summer camp in the Poconos? Say less. 





Amy B says:A cross between "The Great British Bake Off" and an Agatha Christie locked-room mystery, this book is a great vacation read!







Marisa W says:This heartwarming story emphasizes how empowering it is to be yourself, and how wonderful it is to have family who love and support you along the way.





Marisa W says:A plethora of queer representation and Latinx lore make this beautiful graphic novel the perfect cozy horror story to vibe with this Halloween.





Stephanie B says:When I say that I almost stopped reading because of how beautiful this book was and how invested I was in these characters' lives... *chef's kiss*





Annie C says:A sweet story about friendship, personhood and making your own way. Plus, so many cute robots!





Julie M says:Hercules will have you rooting for him as he faces an impossible school assignment, while also adjusting to a new normal in his personal life.





Lori W says:Don’t let The End fool you. Keep reading until the last word.





Thad P says:Nothing is ever easy in Absaroka County. A very cold case, a long-missing weapon and mysterious people willing to kill to keep a long-buried secret.





Carol V says:Moving story of mystery and survival during the man-made Ukrainian famine of the 1930s.





Dierric R says:A delightful story with stellar illustrations showing the power of LOUD with a marvelous "aha" moment!





Chris V says:A beautiful return to the world of Kvothe and the Kingkiller Chronicle while we wait (ever so patiently...) for the third full book in the series.





Courtney K says:A second-chance romance where they actually communicate before the very end? Count me in.





Amy B says:Debut and local author Sara Herchenroether has created a stunning cold-case thriller with rich, complex characters. Here's hoping for a sequel!





Amanda K says:Cheesy in the best way, this rom-com is both irreverent and sweet. And just really, wheely grate.





Amanda K says:The perfect blend of reality, magic and romance. A story that is beautifully paced and wholeheartedly felt.





Becca B says:Sometimes even skulls have to worry about skeletons in the closet.





Amie W says:Don't underestimate retired folks! Maggie would rather be tending her chickens, but someone from her past is trying to kill her.





Chaz C says:One of my absolute favorite books of the year! 10 out of 5





Courtney K says:A fun competition with more twists and turns than the Willy Wonka Tunnel of Terror boat scene. Gene Wilder could never.





Becca B says:Who needs The Yellow Wallpaper when you have The Woman in Me?





Dierric R says:Have you ever gone on a hunt for a missing sock in your basement? Imagine that, but alternate versions of your basement with magical creatures.





Morgan H says:Swim ahead of the tinned-fish trend with this stylishly compact cookbook, perfect for a spring picnic.





Morgan H says:Cozy mysteries aren't just for winter! Perfect for fans of The Penderwicks, this one will steal your heart.





Carol F says:An intriguing and in-depth look into how authorities and loved ones search for those who've gone missing on the PCT. I am not hiking anytime soon!





Hilary H says:Come for the vampires. Stay for the heart-shattering romance. Ugh. What an amazing read.





Carol V says:Our household loved this inventive, joyful journey through the world of headwear. Well, except the cat who fiercely protested being worn on our heads.





Becca B says:An ode to the powers of nature and collective action, with illustrations just as stunning as a real murmuration.





Jess P says:Wednesday's Child is indeed full of woe, but threading through the sadness is Li's uncanny ability to turn the ordinary extraordinary.





Hilary H says:Lush descriptions of bioluminescence and aquatic life juxtaposed with gory details of a whale's digestive system.





Lily D says:The illustrations are breathtaking and capture the birds' essence. It's amazing how many birds and how much information this book includes!





Coleman M says:If the kids in your life can't find any books that are sufficiently scary, have them try this one!





Heather H says:A hilarious gore-fest of a graphic novel! A must-read for slasher fans.





Morgan H says:Don't let the term "easy reader" fool you-- this book is all the proof I need that great, remarkable things come in very small packages.





Lily D says:This book slowly draws you in and suddenly, you're spiraling. As an Asian American, I was simultaneously shocked and not shocked, in the best way.





Lily D says:The infographics have beautiful color schemes, making this a visually appealing read.





Julie M says:A perfect balance of learning to conquer fears while also considering the feelings of others!





Hilary H says:Full of twists and turns. This is not your average teen slasher.























Footer menu




Our libraries




Old Worthington Library




Northwest Library




Worthington Park Library





Use the Library




Catalog




Databases




Reference services




Accessibility services





Join us




Get a library card




Jobs at the Library




Friends Foundation




Give to the Library 




Volunteer opportunities





Help




Contact us




FAQ




Search this website




Sitemap







Talk to a librarian
614-807-2626
Library administration
614-807-2600







‌ Sign up for our e-newsletter!


















