Website: https://www.firestone-charter-academy.org///apps/staff/ 








Staff - 





























 








Menu







{"text":"We are closed to drop-in visitors from June 28 through July 31st.  Leave a message at 303-772-3711 if you are interested in enrollment or a tour.   We do have limited seats available for Kindergarten and 2nd grade.","delay":"35"}



















close







»Home+About»Mission & Vision»Award Winning School»School Calendar»The Leader Letter»Character Corner»Legal Notices»News & Announcements+Academics»Curriculum»CDE Performance Reports»Preschool+Enrollment»K-8 Enrollment»Student Fees»Testimonials+Governing Board»Financial Transparency»Board Agenda & Minutes»School Policies»Board Members»Board Openings+Students+Athletics»Home of the Pumas»100 Mile Club: K-8»Cross Country»Girls Volleyball»Boys Basketball»Girls Basketball»Soccer»Links»Bell Schedule»Clubs and Activities»Infinite Campus»Password Change»Contact Your Counselor+Parents»Attendance»Food Services»Health Office Info»Parent Infomation Links»Online Payments»Puma Spotlight»Spirit Rock»Counselor Check-In+Staff»Staff Directory»Infinite Campus Portal+Contact»Contact Us»Directions»Employment»Report A Concern











Skip to content
Skip to menu









Staff




Search:





		There is no staff matching your search criteria
	

K-8 Administration






							Mrs. Jessica Cervantes
						

							Principal
						








							Mr. David Weisbart
						

							Assistant Principal
						








							Mr. Jose Sandoval
						

							Dean of Students
						






Preschool






							Ms. Sara Carr
						

							Preschool Director/Teacher
						








							Ms. Rebecca Barger
						

							Preschool Teacher
						








							Mrs. Danielle Gallegos
						

							Preschool Teacher
						








							Ms. Kate Hansen
						

							Preschool Teacher
						






Kindergarten






							Ms. Megan Faas
						

							Kindergarten Teacher
						








							Ms. Tera Hammer
						

							Kindergarten Teacher
						








							Ms. Lauren Wheaton
						

							Kindergarten Teacher
						






1st Grade






							Ms. Jenna De Jane
						

							First Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Pam Handy
						

							First Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Elisha McWilliams
						

							First Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Amanda Plumb-Shupe
						

							First Grade Teacher
						






2nd Grade






							Ms. Bethany Ebert
						

							Second Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Angel Mazur
						

							Second Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Sarah Wolfe
						

							Second Grade Teacher
						






3rd Grade






							Ms. Elizabeth Aguirre
						

							Third Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Sherry Anderson
						

							Third Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Lyv Quillen
						

							Third Grade Teacher
						






4th Grade






							Ms. Alisha Hudson
						

							Fourth Grade Teacher
						








							Dr. Darcy Orozco
						

							Fourth Grade Teacher
						

							PhD, MA, BA
						








							Ms. Amber Piltz
						

							Fourth Grade Teacher
						






5th / 6th Grade






							Ms. Terri Brodie
						

							Sixth Grade Teacher
						








							Mr. Kevin Coldiron
						

							Fifth/Sixth Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Mistyrose Gonzales
						

							Fifth/Sixth Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Christina Heid Scholbrock
						

							Fifth/Sixth Grade Math Teacher
						








							Mr. Jason Zook
						

							Fifth Grade Teacher
						






7th / 8th Grade






							Ms. Karen Arnold
						

							Seventh/Eighth Grade Teacher
						








							Mr. Jason Carnahan
						

							Seventh/Eighth Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Lesly Leach
						

							Seventh/Eighth Grade Teacher
						








							Ms. Jessica Morley
						

							Seventh/Eighth Social Studies Teacher
						






Partner Classes






							Mr. Justin Egger
						

							World Languages Teacher
						








							Ms. Kelsey Evers
						

							Innovation Coordinator & Teacher
						








							Ms. Kristen Rousom
						

							Band Teacher
						








							Ms. Anneke Veile
						

							Music, Choir, and Drama Teacher
						








							Ms. Julie Zinck
						

							Art Teacher
						






Special Population Educators






							Ms. Cindy Gray
						

							Special Education Para
						








							 Eda Leptich
						

							Special Education Teacher
						








							Ms. Azucena Martinez
						

							Special Education Teacher
						








							Mrs. Casey Jo McKim
						

							Special Education Para
						








							Ms. Ali Miller
						

							Literacy Specialist
						

							Masters in Education
						








							Ms. Katelyn Pepper
						

							Speech Language Pathologist
						








							Ms. Elizabeth Ragan
						

							Special Education Para
						








							Ms. Kari Reinhardt
						

							Special Education Teacher
						








							Ms. Erica Smith
						

							Literacy Specialist - ELL
						








							Ms. Summer Stallings
						

							Math Interventionist & MTSS Coordinator
						








							Ms. Michele Tajchman
						

							Special Education Para
						








							Ms. Michelle TeVelde
						

							Special Education Teacher
						






Educational Support Staff






							Ms. Mary Jaderborg
						

							School Librarian
						








							Ms. Alexa Pinsker
						

							School Counselor
						








							Ms. Katie Reed
						

							School Psychologist
						








							Ms. Alicia Bond
						

							Instructional Aide
						








							Mr. Brad Hess
						

							Instructional Aide
						








							Mr. Mark Hubbard
						

							Evening Support Assistant/Camp
						








							Ms. Marcie Junevicus
						

							Kindergarten Instructional Aide
						








							Mr. Luke Nelson
						

							Instructional Aide
						








							Ms. Makayla Parker
						

							Instructional Aide
						








							Ms. Abbie Prather
						

							First Grade Instructional Aide
						








							Ms. Mary Rayburn
						

							Instructional Aide
						








							Ms. Rebecca Whitfield
						

							Second Grade Instructional Aide
						






Administrative Support Staff






							Ms. Erika Cistone
						

							Front Desk/Attendance Clerk
						








							Mrs. Heather Hicks
						

							Registrar
						








							Ms. Lori Olson
						

							Business Manager
						








							Ms. Holly Peterson
						

							Director of Operations and Communications
						








							Ms. Toni Rusk
						

							Administrative Assistant
						






Operational Support Staff






							Officer Tera Neugebauer
						

							School Resource Officer
						








							Ms. Michelle Rossiter
						

							Athletic Director
						








							Mr. Jason Parker
						

							Maintenance
						








							Mr. George Rusk
						

							Maintenance
						








							Ms. Norma Perez
						

							Custodian
						








							Ms. Christina Parker
						

							Kitchen Manager
						








							Ms. Sherry Spiczka
						

							Kitchen Staff
						


















Firestone Charter Academy



                    5753 Twilight Avenue
                    Firestone, CO 80504
P: (303)772-3711 
F: (303) 772-3977




Non-Discrimination Statement
Web Accessibility Statement
Web Accessibility Complaint Form












Powered by Educational Networks























Main Menu







R: Start/stop reading the current menu items
Esc: Go previous items or close main menu









            Welcome to our Accessibility Toolbar! Committed to inclusivity, our team at Educational Networks
            designed this
            feature specifically to enhance the user experience on school and school district websites. Whether
            you're
            looking to change text attributes for better readability, adjust the screen's contrast and saturation
            for
            clearer visuals, or want an audio narration of content blocks, our toolbar is here to ensure a seamless
            and
            accessible experience for all users. We understand that everyone interacts with web content in their own
            unique
            way, and with this toolbar, we aim to cater to a diverse range of needs.
        


Activating the Accessibility Toolbar
Starting Up: Initially, the toolbar is in a disabled state. To enable it, simply click on the
            small
            "accessibility toolbar" icon situated at the bottom right of the screen. Upon clicking, a control panel
            will
            slide in from the bottom, offering you a series of user-friendly options.
Stealth Mode: Enable the "Stealth Mode" for a more unobtrusive view, by clicking the small button
            with a down arrow. The control panel will slide down and disappear, and the accessibility toolbar icon
            will appear with a green checkmark to indicate that the toolbar's functionality is still active and
            can be accessed using keyboard shortcuts.
Turning Off the Toolbar: To completely deactivate the toolbar, click on the small button with an "x"
            within the control panel. The control panel will slide away and the green checkmark on the accessibility
            toolbar icon will be removed, indicating that the toolbar is fully deactivated.
Reactivating the Toolbar: Even after turning off, you can reactivate the toolbar at any point by
            simply
            clicking the "accessibility toolbar" icon. This brings back the control panel, allowing you to customize
            your
            experience once more.
        

Font Customizations
Font Size: Adjust the text size to your liking. Use the keyboard shortcut "F" to swiftly toggle
            between
            different font sizes.

        

Visual Adjustments

            Our toolbar allows you to personalize your visual experience by adjusting contrast and saturation
            levels. These
            adjustments are designed to cater to a wide range of visual preferences:
Contrast Adjustments: Enhance or decrease the difference between text and background colors. This
            can be
            particularly helpful for users with visual impairments like low vision, color blindness, age-related
            macular
            degeneration, or cataracts, as the difference between text and its background becomes more
            pronounced.
Saturation Modifications: Adjust the intensity of colors on the webpage. Modifying saturation can
            significantly benefit individuals with color vision deficiencies or color blindness, as it can make
            certain hues
            more discernible or reduce confusion between colors. This feature also supports those who experience
            visual
            discomfort from overly vibrant colors.

            By tweaking these settings, you can ensure that the content presentation matches your visual comfort,
            making the
            browsing experience both accessible and enjoyable.
        

Reading Bar

            Click the "reading mask" to introduce the "reading bar." This feature
            emphasizes an area spanning the full width of the browser window, covering just a few lines of text,
            with shaded
            areas above and below to reduce distractions. The reading bar is particularly beneficial for individuals
            with
            challenges such as dyslexia, visual processing issues, or ADHD, as it helps isolate text and reduce
            visual
            stress, making navigation of large text blocks more manageable.
        

Audio Narration

            Engage with content through two effective auditory methods:
Direct Text Highlighting: Highlight the specific text you're interested in and press "r". The
            system will
            promptly read the selected text aloud.
Block Reader Feature: Activate the "Block Reader" by clicking its designated button. Once
            enabled,
            the system will visually emphasize content blocks by drawing a rectangle around them as you hover. This
            gives a
            clear indication of the content block currently selected. To hear the content within this block, press
            "r". If
            you wish to halt the narration at any point, simply click the Escape button.
        

Enhanced Menu Navigation

            To offer users an alternative, simplified navigation experience, our toolbar provides the "Enhanced Menu
            Navigation" feature. You can activate this feature either by clicking its dedicated button in the
            control panel
            or simply by pressing "m" on your keyboard.

            Once activated:
Dialog Box Display: A dialog box emerges over the website content, showcasing menu items in an
            enlarged
            format. For quick navigation, each menu item is paired with a unique number.
Audio Assistance: For those who benefit from auditory cues, pressing "r" allows the system to
            read out
            the menu items and their associated numbers aloud.
Intuitive Navigation: By inputting the number of a menu item via the keyboard, users can
            seamlessly
            explore deeper into submenus. Items are displayed in the same user-friendly manner, and if a chosen item
            is
            linked, the system immediately directs users to the relevant URL.

            This feature serves as an alternative method to traverse the website, catering specifically to users who
            might
            find this format more comfortable or efficient based on their individual preferences or needs.
        

Keyboard-Only Operability
            Recognizing the importance of an unobtrusive browsing experience, our Accessibility Toolbar has been
            meticulously designed to function without the need for the on-screen control panel. By mastering the
            keyboard
            shortcuts, users can seamlessly engage with all the toolbar's features, allowing them to enjoy the
            original
            website design and content with minimal visual disruptions. This approach ensures that everyone can
            access the
            enhanced features while preserving the intended aesthetic of the website.
Click here for the complete list of keyboard shortcuts.


            Thank you for using our Accessibility Toolbar. We hope this guide assists you in navigating our website
            effortlessly. Should you have any feedback or require further assistance, please reach out to our
            support team.
            Your feedback helps us improve and cater to the needs of all our users better. Enjoy your browsing
            experience!
        











