Website: https://www.oldstateelementary.org///apps/staff/ 








Staff - 

































 








Translate



Search



{"text":"Welcome to the new Old State Elementary School website!","delay":"35"}




(302)378-6720



Registration



Pay School fees







 







»Home+About Us»Welcome Message»Mission / Vision»Staff / Faculty Directory»Start / Dismissal Time»Photo Albums»Video Gallery»Foundation»Kindergarten Registration»Links»School Locator»Legal Notices»Building Use+Academics»Arts Education»Classrooms and Departments»Departments+Parents»Calendar»Absence Request»Board Policies»Bully Prevention»Choice»Code of Conduct»Contact a Teacher»Feeder Pattern»Nurse Updates»Homeless Education»Mobile App»Newsletters»Parent Handbook+School Supplies»2022-2023 School Supply Lists»Chinese Immersion»Staff Recognition»Water Education+Students»Board Policies»Bully Prevention»Clubs & Activities»Code of Conduct»Mentoring»School Menus»Summer Camp»Summer Reading»Contact Us












Skip to content
Skip to menu









Staff




Search:





		There is no staff matching your search criteria
	

Administration






							 Steven Earley
						

							Principal
						








							Mrs. Jodie Klein
						

							Assistant Principal
						

							Masters
						








							Mrs. Lia McCallister
						

							Assistant Principal
						

							Masters
						






Teachers






							 Kris Baxter
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							Mrs. Emily Beam
						

							2nd Grade Teacher
						








							 Lisa Bennett
						

							1st Grade Teacher
						








							 James Borruto
						

							Physical Education Teacher
						








							 Kelley Bryant
						

							1st grade teacher
						








							 Melissa Bucci
						

							4th Grade Teacher
						








							 Jamie Cannatelli
						

							4th Grade Teacher
						








							 Susan Carpenter
						

							2nd Grade Teacher
						








							 Bunny Chang
						

							5th Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						








							 Yeli Chen
						

							2nd Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						








							 Greg Ciccone
						

							2nd Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						








							 Diane Ciccone
						

							4th Grade Teacher
						








							 Douglas Copper
						

							Technology Teacher/Coordinator
						








							 Charisse Craig
						

							Speech 
						








							 Tammy DeCapua
						

							Library Media Specialist
						








							 Dawn Delle Donne
						

							PT
						








							 Josh Derrickson
						

							Foundations Teacher
						








							 Lisa Desrosiers
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Karen Dougherty
						

							1st Grade Teacher
						








							 Donna Dubois
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Amy Dunn
						

							1st Grade Teacher
						








							 Alaina Dunning
						

							1st Grade Teacher
						








							 Christine Follman
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Tanya Friel
						

							2nd Grade Teacher
						








							 Jasmyn Hart
						

							STEM Instructor
						








							 Tracey Hennessey
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Ling Ji
						

							Teacher
						








							 Sarah Low
						

							3rd Grade Teacher
						








							 Scott Lynch
						

							Strings Teacher
						








							 Gwen Marsh
						

							Music Teacher
						








							 Kimberly Matyger
						

							3rd Grade Teacher
						








							 Carrie Maxwell
						

							3rd Grade Teacher
						








							 Erin McClain
						

							Foundations Program
						








							 Jennifer O'Brien
						

							3rd Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						








							 Hayley O'Dell
						

							2nd Grade Teacher
						








							 Dana Patton
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Kaitlyn Peirce
						

							1st Grade Teacher
						








							 Brianna Ramirez
						

							Spanish
						








							 Michelle Romeo
						

							4th Grade Teacher
						








							 Cynthia Shapiro
						

							3rd Grade Teacher
						








							 Boqi Shi
						

							3rd Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						








							 Christine Shipengrover
						

							2nd Grade Teacher
						








							 Andrea Sparks
						

							2nd Grade Teacher
						








							 Elisabeth Spino
						

							1st Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						








							 Natalie Tucci
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Chris Vetter
						

							3rd Grade Teacher
						








							 Rachel Whiteman
						

							3rd Grade Teacher
						








							 Brian Williams
						

							2nd GradeTeacher
						








							 Danielle Winterbottom
						

							5th Grade Teacher
						








							 Jillian Wu
						

							Band Teacher
						








							 Ning Xie
						

							1st Grade Chinese Immersion Teacher
						






Staff






							 Claire Benacci
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Michele Bridge
						

							Paraprofessional Support
						








							 Maynard Caulk
						

							Social Worker
						








							 Laurie Chambers
						

							Paraprofessional 
						








							Mrs. Danielle Ciamaricone
						

							Instructional Coach
						








							 Kerri Dufford
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Christine Foster
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Erika Gallagher
						

							Educational Diagnostician
						








							 Jill Grillo
						

							School Nutrition Manager
						








							 Gretchen Hannah
						

							Occupational Therapist
						








							 Karson Kennedy
						

							Speech
						








							 Ginny Knox
						

							Adaptive Physical Education
						








							 Kristin Kraiss
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Jackie Lebischak
						

							Paraprofessional Support
						








							 Lucy Li
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Hilary Lutz
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Sue Meyer
						

							Interventionist
						








							 Lilian Miles
						








							 Jenny Molengraft
						

							Paraprofessional Support
						








							 Kathleen Naybor
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Victoria Northcutt
						

							Educational Diagnostician
						








							 Tracy Poitras
						

							Financial Secretary
						








							 Nicole Price
						

							Secretary
						








							 Karen (Qui) Qin
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Samantha Reilly
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Jodi Rinaldi
						

							Paraprofessional Support
						








							 Teena Sakers
						

							Guidance Counselor
						








							 Kelly Simmons
						

							Paraprofessional
						








							 Tracy Sisson
						

							Physical Therapist
						








							 Peggy Sommer
						

							Paraprofessional Support
						








							 Farah Steiner
						

							MLL Instructor
						








							 Allison Swalm
						

							School Counselor
						








							 Sharon Wardrop
						

							Chief Custodian
						








							Mrs. Jennifer Zakrzewski
						

							Nurse
						














Safe
Positive
Leaders
Act Responsible
Show Respect
Honest














                    580 Tony Marchio Drive
                    Townsend, DE 19734
                

                    P: 302-378-6720
                    F: 302-378-4265
                



Connect  with us














































Main Menu







R: Start/stop reading the current menu items
Esc: Go previous items or close main menu









            Welcome to our Accessibility Toolbar! Committed to inclusivity, our team at Educational Networks
            designed this
            feature specifically to enhance the user experience on school and school district websites. Whether
            you're
            looking to change text attributes for better readability, adjust the screen's contrast and saturation
            for
            clearer visuals, or want an audio narration of content blocks, our toolbar is here to ensure a seamless
            and
            accessible experience for all users. We understand that everyone interacts with web content in their own
            unique
            way, and with this toolbar, we aim to cater to a diverse range of needs.
        


Activating the Accessibility Toolbar
Starting Up: Initially, the toolbar is in a disabled state. To enable it, simply click on the
            small
            "accessibility toolbar" icon situated at the bottom right of the screen. Upon clicking, a control panel
            will
            slide in from the bottom, offering you a series of user-friendly options.
Stealth Mode: Enable the "Stealth Mode" for a more unobtrusive view, by clicking the small button
            with a down arrow. The control panel will slide down and disappear, and the accessibility toolbar icon
            will appear with a green checkmark to indicate that the toolbar's functionality is still active and
            can be accessed using keyboard shortcuts.
Turning Off the Toolbar: To completely deactivate the toolbar, click on the small button with an "x"
            within the control panel. The control panel will slide away and the green checkmark on the accessibility
            toolbar icon will be removed, indicating that the toolbar is fully deactivated.
Reactivating the Toolbar: Even after turning off, you can reactivate the toolbar at any point by
            simply
            clicking the "accessibility toolbar" icon. This brings back the control panel, allowing you to customize
            your
            experience once more.
        

Font Customizations
Font Size: Adjust the text size to your liking. Use the keyboard shortcut "F" to swiftly toggle
            between
            different font sizes.

        

Visual Adjustments

            Our toolbar allows you to personalize your visual experience by adjusting contrast and saturation
            levels. These
            adjustments are designed to cater to a wide range of visual preferences:
Contrast Adjustments: Enhance or decrease the difference between text and background colors. This
            can be
            particularly helpful for users with visual impairments like low vision, color blindness, age-related
            macular
            degeneration, or cataracts, as the difference between text and its background becomes more
            pronounced.
Saturation Modifications: Adjust the intensity of colors on the webpage. Modifying saturation can
            significantly benefit individuals with color vision deficiencies or color blindness, as it can make
            certain hues
            more discernible or reduce confusion between colors. This feature also supports those who experience
            visual
            discomfort from overly vibrant colors.

            By tweaking these settings, you can ensure that the content presentation matches your visual comfort,
            making the
            browsing experience both accessible and enjoyable.
        

Reading Bar

            Click the "reading mask" to introduce the "reading bar." This feature
            emphasizes an area spanning the full width of the browser window, covering just a few lines of text,
            with shaded
            areas above and below to reduce distractions. The reading bar is particularly beneficial for individuals
            with
            challenges such as dyslexia, visual processing issues, or ADHD, as it helps isolate text and reduce
            visual
            stress, making navigation of large text blocks more manageable.
        

Audio Narration

            Engage with content through two effective auditory methods:
Direct Text Highlighting: Highlight the specific text you're interested in and press "r". The
            system will
            promptly read the selected text aloud.
Block Reader Feature: Activate the "Block Reader" by clicking its designated button. Once
            enabled,
            the system will visually emphasize content blocks by drawing a rectangle around them as you hover. This
            gives a
            clear indication of the content block currently selected. To hear the content within this block, press
            "r". If
            you wish to halt the narration at any point, simply click the Escape button.
        

Enhanced Menu Navigation

            To offer users an alternative, simplified navigation experience, our toolbar provides the "Enhanced Menu
            Navigation" feature. You can activate this feature either by clicking its dedicated button in the
            control panel
            or simply by pressing "m" on your keyboard.

            Once activated:
Dialog Box Display: A dialog box emerges over the website content, showcasing menu items in an
            enlarged
            format. For quick navigation, each menu item is paired with a unique number.
Audio Assistance: For those who benefit from auditory cues, pressing "r" allows the system to
            read out
            the menu items and their associated numbers aloud.
Intuitive Navigation: By inputting the number of a menu item via the keyboard, users can
            seamlessly
            explore deeper into submenus. Items are displayed in the same user-friendly manner, and if a chosen item
            is
            linked, the system immediately directs users to the relevant URL.

            This feature serves as an alternative method to traverse the website, catering specifically to users who
            might
            find this format more comfortable or efficient based on their individual preferences or needs.
        

Keyboard-Only Operability
            Recognizing the importance of an unobtrusive browsing experience, our Accessibility Toolbar has been
            meticulously designed to function without the need for the on-screen control panel. By mastering the
            keyboard
            shortcuts, users can seamlessly engage with all the toolbar's features, allowing them to enjoy the
            original
            website design and content with minimal visual disruptions. This approach ensures that everyone can
            access the
            enhanced features while preserving the intended aesthetic of the website.
Click here for the complete list of keyboard shortcuts.


            Thank you for using our Accessibility Toolbar. We hope this guide assists you in navigating our website
            effortlessly. Should you have any feedback or require further assistance, please reach out to our
            support team.
            Your feedback helps us improve and cater to the needs of all our users better. Enjoy your browsing
            experience!
        











