Website: http://www.flagstaffacademy.org/apps/pages/index.jsp?uREC_ID=588762&type=d&pREC_ID=1076862 











Weather, School Closures, and Safety - Miscellaneous - Flagstaff Academy

























































Skip to main content






Main Menu Toggle


About Us


Leadership Message
School Mission
School Hours
Strategic Plan
Financial Transparency
Before and After School Care
What is a Charter School
Board of Directors
Employment
Staff Directory
Student Teaching
FAQs
Donate










Academics


Learning Environment
Core Knowledge
Academic Calendars
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
Science and Technology
Foreign Language, Arts, & Music
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education
Physical Education
Flagstaff Academy Library
Gifted & Talented










Culture


Dragon Culture
PTO
Volunteer at Flagstaff
Student Leadership
Student Support
Counseling Department
Athletics
Community Partnerships
Flagstaff Family-Owned Businesses
Alumni
Clubs and Activities
Weather and School Closures










Science & Technology


About Flagstaff Science and Technology
Elementary School Science
Elementary School Technology
Middle School Science
Middle School Technology
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education










Enrollment


Enrolling at Flagstaff Academy
Preschool Enrollment
School Tours
Open Enrollment FAQs
Online Application
New to Longmont?










Contact Us


Contact Us
Attendance
Activity Fees and Payments
Health Clerk
Events Calendar
Dragon Communications














Header Secondary Links

Parent Portal




Search

Search

Search




Social Media - Header

Facebook
Instagram
YouTube







Weather, School Closures and Safety

            
    

    
        » Weather, School Closures, and Safety

Weather, School Closures, and Safety






WATCH THE NEWS!
If you see St. Vrain Valley School District is closed, Flagstaff Academy is included.
Inclement Weather Policy 
Flagstaff Academy follows the School Closure policy of the St. Vrain Valley School District.

The most common reason for school closures is blowing snow and severe weather.
When forecasts are definitive, the district will close or delay school with as much advance notice as possible. When forecasts are less definitive, we will monitor conditions closely and consult with county and state officials prior to making a decision to close or delay schools. In these instances, we will make every effort to communicate with you no later than 5:30 a.m. on the school day in question.
In the event of a delayed start due to inclement weather, school will start 2.5 hours later than regularly scheduled start times.

 
Delayed starts due to inclement weather and school closure notifications are made via the following communication systems: the Infinite Campus Messenger notification system, social media, local and state media including newspapers, television and radio stations, and updates posted to the SVVSD Newsline 303-682-7387. For more information on school closures visit the SVVSD Inclement Weather Page.
 
When the district remains open, but you believe that weather conditions in your specific area are not safe for your student to attend school, please feel free to contact our school’s attendance clerk to obtain an excused absence for your student at [email protected].
 
When severe weather conditions cause you to keep your student at home, the student will be able to make up any missed schoolwork without penalty.











Weather, School Closures, and Safety




Inclement Weather, Recess, and School Activities














2040 Miller Dr., Longmont, CO 80501
Phone: (303) 651-7900 
Fax: (303) 651-7922 


M-F 7:45AM - 4:00PM


EARLY STUDENT PICKUP CLOSES AT 3:15 PM






Footer Links

Support Flagstaff Academy
Financial Transparency
Board of Directors
Volunteer







Powered by Edlio

Edlio Login 





Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact
 









