Website: https://www.flagstaffacademy.org/apps/pages/donate 











Support Flagstaff Academy - Miscellaneous - Flagstaff Academy

























































Skip to main content






Main Menu Toggle


About Us


Leadership Message
School Mission
School Hours
Strategic Plan
Financial Transparency
Before and After School Care
What is a Charter School
Board of Directors
Employment
Staff Directory
Student Teaching
FAQs
Donate










Academics


Learning Environment
Core Knowledge
Academic Calendars
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
Science and Technology
Foreign Language, Arts, & Music
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education
Physical Education
Flagstaff Academy Library
Gifted & Talented










Culture


Dragon Culture
PTO
Volunteer at Flagstaff
Student Leadership
Student Support
Counseling Department
Athletics
Community Partnerships
Flagstaff Family-Owned Businesses
Alumni
Clubs and Activities
Weather and School Closures










Science & Technology


About Flagstaff Science and Technology
Elementary School Science
Elementary School Technology
Middle School Science
Middle School Technology
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education










Enrollment


Enrolling at Flagstaff Academy
Preschool Enrollment
School Tours
Open Enrollment FAQs
Online Application
New to Longmont?










Contact Us


Contact Us
Attendance
Activity Fees and Payments
Health Clerk
Events Calendar
Dragon Communications














Header Secondary Links

Parent Portal




Search

Search

Search




Social Media - Header

Facebook
Instagram
YouTube







Donate

            
    

    
        » Support Flagstaff Academy

Support Flagstaff Academy






Flagstaff Academy participates in Colorado Gives throughout the year, as well as the annual Colorado Gives Day each December. Every dollar donated will be used to enhance the amazing educational offerings at Flagstaff Academy Charter School.





How You Can Support Flagstaff Academy and our Mission
The Adam J. Burton Memorial Fund 
The Burton Memorial Fund has been established by Flagstaff Academy and the Burton Family in memory and honor of former teacher Adam Burton. Mr. Burton was a beloved middle school language arts teacher who touched students through his love of the arts, outdoor education, and enrichment. Our school theatre is named in his honor. The fund provides opportunities for students to participate in extracurricular activities and school trips including 5th Grade overnight, Middle School three-day Pingree Park trip, Middle School Band, and other opportunities. Parents can donate to the Adam J. Burton Memorial Fund online through RevTrak.

 
Direct Support

Parents, grandparents, community members - anyone can donate directly to Flagstaff Academy. Your donations help to support many of the programs and resources that make our school great.
 
Parent contributions allow us great flexibility within our budget to provide an immediate and lasting impact. Contributions, together with our strong fiscal management, have supported the following initiatives:


Geodesic greenhouse classroom
Middle school pre-engineering program
Library Media Center (LMC) collection goal of 12:1 books per student
Expansion of our campus playground
Development of additional outdoor classroom space

Each donation is tax-deductible and every contribution is valued. Contributions can be made by cash, check (payable to Flagstaff Academy), or online with RevTrak. 
 
Flagstaff Academy EIN number is 02-0688420.


Flagstaff Academy Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
The Flagstaff Academy PTO is a key partner in the success of Flagstaff Academy. The mission of the Flagstaff Academy PTO is to serve the school community and promote open communication and understanding between parents and staff at Flagstaff Academy. We carry out this mission by organizing events that provide a sense of community, by providing educational outreach and experiences, and by fundraising to support supplemental education and materials. Visit the PTO Website Here.









Support Flagstaff Academy




Donate








Letter of Determination












2040 Miller Dr., Longmont, CO 80501
Phone: (303) 651-7900 
Fax: (303) 651-7922 


M-F 7:45AM - 4:00PM


EARLY STUDENT PICKUP CLOSES AT 3:15 PM






Footer Links

Support Flagstaff Academy
Financial Transparency
Board of Directors
Volunteer







Powered by Edlio

Edlio Login 





Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact
 









