Website: https://www.philasd.org/face/2017/10/02/facetime-with-our-staff-lashae-spratley/ 










 
FACEtime with Our Staff: LaShaé Spratley - Family & Community Engagement
















































Skip to content
Skip to navigation

The District announces launch of High School Student Forums. Learn more here.



Office Menu:Home
Parent Portal
Family & Community Support
Multilingual Family Support
Volunteer Support
Family Academy
News & Events
Contact
Get Help!





Search the site:











Families
Students
Employees
Calendar
Parent Portal
Login








Schools

School Directory
Find My School
Apply and Enroll
Uniform Information
Re-Engagement to High School
Learning Networks
Charter Schools
School Profiles & Data


Academics

Arts & Creative Learning
Athletics
Career and Technical Education (CTE)
Curriculum & Instruction
Early Childhood Education

PreKindergarten
Kindergarten


Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program
Post Secondary Readiness (College & Career)
Graduation Requirements
Language & Culture
Re-matriculation, Alternative & Virtual Options
School Selection
Specialized Services (Diverse Learners)
Student Assessments
Summer Programs


Services

Attendance & Truancy
Bullying, Harassment & Discrimination
Equity & Inclusion
Family & Community Support
Family Courses & Training
Immunizations & Physicals
Mental Health & Trauma Supports
Multilingual Family Support
Nutrition (Eat Right Philly)
Parent & Family Portal
Pregnant & Parenting Students
Special Needs/Accommodations
Students Experiencing Homelessness
Student Enrollment & Placement

New Student Registration
Pre-K Registration
Kindergarten Registration
School Selection Process
Student Transition Center
Opportunity Network


Student Health Services
Student Initiatives & Programs
Student Records & Transcripts
Student Safety & Protection
School Meal Menus
Tech Support & Chromebooks
Transportation
Volunteer Support
Working Papers


Our District

About Us
Board of Education
District Calendars
News & Media Inquiries
Fast Facts
Meet Our Superintendent
Meet Our Leadership
Strategic Plan
Goals and Guardrails
The Fund
Inclement Weather and Emergency Protocol
Environmental


Careers
Contact Us
Login



A
A
A


Search the site


Menu 









Office of			
			Family & Community Engagement


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram

 call us at215-400-4180 Portal: A Suite: 114





You are Here
Focus on FACE
Family News & Resources
FACEtime with Our Staff: LaShaé Spratley




Home
Parent Portal
Family & Community Support
Multilingual Family Support
Volunteer Support
Family Academy
News & Events
Contact
Get Help!




    FACEtime with Our Staff: LaShaé Spratley 
	
	Posted on October 2, 2017

	Tags: FACE staff, FACEtime, family and community engagement coordinator	
	Categories: Family News & Resources
 


LaShaé Sprately has been the Family and Community Engagement Coordinator for Network 3 and the Autonomy Network since October 2016 and doesn’t see herself leaving any time soon. After receiving a Bachelor’s degree in criminal justice, Ms. Spratley worked with children who had behavioral health issues at several social service agencies throughout Philadelphia.
Shortly after, she worked within the social work field where she engaged with the foster care system. While she says it was rewarding, she was continually taking her cases home with her and worrying about the children she helped. Wanting to get some time away from the emotional toll social work took on her daily life, Ms. Spratley came to the District so that she could make an impact while also getting some distance from the trauma she witnessed.
As a Family Engagement Coordinator, Ms. Spratley serves as a link between parents and schools so that families, teachers, and principals can reach common ground when communicating about their students. Calling herself a “glorified problem-solver,” Ms. Spratley spends her days helping parents and families who are in the midst of a frustrating situation within their school.

When families reach out to a Coordinator feeling upset, it is the job of the Coordinator to get them to see the bigger picture. Not understanding the details of how the school’s administrative teams runs the school, parents often only know the side that their child tells them. Therefore, it is Ms. Spratley’s job to both show the parents what else may be going on, as well as empower them to be their own advocate for their child.
 
To Ms. Spratley, this aspect of her job is both the most challenging and most rewarding. On one hand, getting constant calls from frustrated parents can be tiring. On the other hand, she feels most proud of herself when she is able to de-escalate a situation and “bring it from a ten, down to a five.” Ms. Spratley believes that communication between parents and schools is key to a student’s successful academic future, and the only way that communication happens is if parents can see how much the schools do every day to help their child succeed. For Ms. Spratley, the moment that a parent begins to appreciate the school is when she knows it was all worth it.
Throughout the upcoming school year, Ms. Spratley has a personal goal of getting parents of high school students re-engaged with their school community. “As parents get older,” she notes, “they begin to dial back with how involved they are in their child’s life and think that [their children] no longer need their help.” However, Ms. Spratley knows that high schoolers need support when maneuvering the college application process or figuring out their next steps. Ms. Spratley hopes to focus more on these parents so as to show them how important it is that they stay involved in their child’s academics.
The team of FACE Coordinators also hopes to secure more partnerships and relationships between schools and community organizations. Through community events, neighborhood canvassing, and passing out information about the District, Ms. Spratley, along with the other Coordinators, will be able to increase available resources for students by giving them access to non-profits, libraries, and several other organizations throughout the Philadelphia community.
When asked where she sees herself in five years, Ms. Spratley confidently answered that she would be right here at the District. Following in her parents’ footsteps, Ms. Spratley plans on working at the School District of Philadelphia in some capacity for the rest of her professional career. Hoping to pursue a Master’s degree in criminal justice, educational leadership, or social work, Ms. Spratley sees herself growing within the FACE office, perhaps becoming a director, and continuing to climb the ladder of leadership within the District.
Continuing to explain why she wants to work with the District throughout her career, Ms. Spratley said, “I think the District is one of those places where you can fall in love with what you do and who you work with. You build bonds and partnerships with people that are life-long relationships. But, I also think that I feel that there is a sense of importance of what you do. For the most part, people feel appreciated in their positions here and we know that our direct work impacts so many people.”
As a relatively new addition to the FACE team, Ms. Spratley provides a fresh takes on the District and the service it provides to families. While she acknowledges the difficulties of her job, Ms. Spratley also sees the value in her work, and the work of all district employees. “It takes a village to raise a child,” Ms. Spratley reflected, “and the school district plays a big role in that village.” Ms. Spratley teaches us that, no matter the obstacles they face, parents, schools, and District employees all want the same thing for their students: to provide them with an excellent education and to help them grow into the best versions of themselves.



  


 The Focus on FACE Newsletter will be emailed every month with District announcements, blog articles on best practices for family engagement, and—most importantly—inspiring stories from parents, family members, staff, students, and community members across the School District of Philadelphia.

CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Family News & Resources  (175)
Featured FACEs  (96)
Health & Wellness  (13)
Multilingual Family Support  (33)
Pregnant & Parenting Students  (1)


 



Recent Posts


Families Asking Questions (FAQs): What is the Volunteering Process?


Parents Supporting Parents: Introducing the Sowing Seeds of Success Parent and Family Support Group


ELECT’s 7th Annual Fatherhood Summit


Families Asking Questions (FAQs): What are the Graduation Requirements?


Families Asking Questions (FAQs): What is Bullying, Harassment, and Discrimination?


 

Have an idea for a story or article for Focus on FACE? Have an idea for a story or article for Focus on FACE? We want to hear it! Send your suggestion, your name, and school affiliation to face@philasd.org with the subject line “FACE Newsletter Suggestion.”

 





Stay Up To Date!

Sign Up For Our Newsletter



  Last modified: March 5, 2018
   


Families
Students
Employees
Calendar
Parent Portal
Login





Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
© The School District of Philadelphia440 N. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19130call us at215-400-4000


Terms of Use•
Privacy Policy•
Notice of Nondiscrimination•
Website Accessibility•
Accommodations•
Philasd.org•






















