Website: https://www.middletownhs.org///ourpages/office_staff.jsp 








Middletown High School

























 







Middletown
          High School

Menu







{"text":"Welcome to Middletown High School • Home of the Cavaliers","delay":"35"}




Translate




Middletown
          High School

close



(302) 376-4141
FamilyNewsletter
Careers
Twitter








+About»Welcome»Registration»Alumni Directory»Careers»Directions»Diversity & Inclusion»Giving Back»Health, Safety & Security»Legal Notices»Our School»Tours+Directory»Administrators»School Counseling and Office Staff»Teaching Staff+Pathways»Overview»School of Agriculture & Natural Resources»School of Business & Economics»School of Culinary & Hospitality Management»School of Education & Human Studies»School of Health Sciences»School of Language, Literature & Human Development»School of Military & Civic Leadership»School of Performing and Design Arts»School of Science, Technology, Engineering & Math»School of Skilled and Technical Trades+The Arts»Band»Chorus»Orchestral Strings»Theatre Arts»Visual Arts+Athletics»CavaliersSports»DIAA Physical Forms»DIAA Spectator Code of Conduct+Students»Bell Schedule»CavsMart Student Store»Code of Conduct»College & Career Readiness»Course Catalog»Home Access Center»School Meal Menu»Senior Year Information»Staff Recognition»Student Activities and Organizations»Student Fee Portal»2023-2024 Parking Registration»Work Based Learning»Bully Prevention+Parents»Absence Request»Academic Calendar»AP Information»Communication»College & Career Readiness»Forms»Learning Platforms (HAC, Schoology)»Newsletter»Parent App»Staff Recognition»Work-based Learning+Support Services»ACT, SAT Entrance Exams»AP and Dual Enrollment Courses»Applications: The Common App»College Application Week»College & Career Counseling»College Representatives at MHS»College/Career Search Tools»NCAA Eligibility»Scholarships»Transcript Requests»Counseling»Library»Nurse’s Office»Social Worker»Translation Services»Wellness Center+Contact»Contact











Skip to content
Skip to menu







Office Staff






Search:





		There is no staff matching your search criteria
	

SCHOOL COUNSELING STAFF






							Ms. Sondra Flynn
						

							School Counselor: 9 - 12 (A to Da)
						








							Mrs. Amanda Powell
						

							School Counselor: 9-12 (De - Hi)
						








							Mr. Ryan Jamison
						

							School Counselor: 9-12 (Ho-Mi)
						








							Mr. Anthony Capasso
						

							School Counselor: 9-12 (Mo-Sc)
						








							Ms. Meghan Beatson
						

							School Counselor: 9-12 (Se-Z)
						






Office






							Mr. Azeez Ali
						

							Dean of Students
						








							Mr. Francis Clark
						

							Dean of Students
						








							Mr. Eric Smith
						

							Building Interventionist
						








							Mrs. Colleen Kelley
						

							Athletic Director/Athletic Trainer
						








							Mrs. Mary Wilber
						

							Registrar Secretary
						








							Ms. Mariah Warren
						

							Attendance Clerk
						








							Ms. Amanda Rizzo
						

							Guidance Secretary
						








							Mrs. Terry Graney
						

							Finance Secretary
						








							Mrs. Gail Moyer, MSN, RN
						

							Nurse  (student last names L~Z)
						








							Ms. Laurie B. Garrison, MSN, RN, NCSN
						

							Nurse (student last names A-K)
						








							Ms. Genae Atkins
						

							School Psychologist
						








							Ms. Kelsey Larrimore
						

							School Psychologist
						








							Ms. Jackee Wade
						

							Social Worker
						








							Ms. Natasha Jones
						

							Educational Diagnostician (A-E)
						








							Mrs. Christol Caulk
						

							Educational Diagnostician (N-Z)
						








							Mrs. Allana Chambers
						

							School Nutrition Manager
						








							Ms. Lyndsey Fraser
						

							Occupational Therapist
						








							Ms. Marisa Reed
						

							Speech Therapist
						















CharacteR
             AttitudE
             Vision
             Success
          








Connectwith us!



Middletown High School Facebook
Middletown High School Twitter
Middletown High School Instagram
Home Access



Appoquinimink School District







        120 Silver Lake Road, Middletown, DE 19709
      

P: (302) 376-4141






powered by Educational Networks
























Main Menu







R: Start/stop reading the current menu items
Esc: Go previous items or close main menu









            Welcome to our Accessibility Toolbar! Committed to inclusivity, our team at Educational Networks
            designed this
            feature specifically to enhance the user experience on school and school district websites. Whether
            you're
            looking to change text attributes for better readability, adjust the screen's contrast and saturation
            for
            clearer visuals, or want an audio narration of content blocks, our toolbar is here to ensure a seamless
            and
            accessible experience for all users. We understand that everyone interacts with web content in their own
            unique
            way, and with this toolbar, we aim to cater to a diverse range of needs.
        


Activating the Accessibility Toolbar
Starting Up: Initially, the toolbar is in a disabled state. To enable it, simply click on the
            small
            "accessibility toolbar" icon situated at the bottom right of the screen. Upon clicking, a control panel
            will
            slide in from the bottom, offering you a series of user-friendly options.
Stealth Mode: Enable the "Stealth Mode" for a more unobtrusive view, by clicking the small button
            with a down arrow. The control panel will slide down and disappear, and the accessibility toolbar icon
            will appear with a green checkmark to indicate that the toolbar's functionality is still active and
            can be accessed using keyboard shortcuts.
Turning Off the Toolbar: To completely deactivate the toolbar, click on the small button with an "x"
            within the control panel. The control panel will slide away and the green checkmark on the accessibility
            toolbar icon will be removed, indicating that the toolbar is fully deactivated.
Reactivating the Toolbar: Even after turning off, you can reactivate the toolbar at any point by
            simply
            clicking the "accessibility toolbar" icon. This brings back the control panel, allowing you to customize
            your
            experience once more.
        

Font Customizations
Font Size: Adjust the text size to your liking. Use the keyboard shortcut "F" to swiftly toggle
            between
            different font sizes.

        

Visual Adjustments

            Our toolbar allows you to personalize your visual experience by adjusting contrast and saturation
            levels. These
            adjustments are designed to cater to a wide range of visual preferences:
Contrast Adjustments: Enhance or decrease the difference between text and background colors. This
            can be
            particularly helpful for users with visual impairments like low vision, color blindness, age-related
            macular
            degeneration, or cataracts, as the difference between text and its background becomes more
            pronounced.
Saturation Modifications: Adjust the intensity of colors on the webpage. Modifying saturation can
            significantly benefit individuals with color vision deficiencies or color blindness, as it can make
            certain hues
            more discernible or reduce confusion between colors. This feature also supports those who experience
            visual
            discomfort from overly vibrant colors.

            By tweaking these settings, you can ensure that the content presentation matches your visual comfort,
            making the
            browsing experience both accessible and enjoyable.
        

Reading Bar

            Click the "reading mask" to introduce the "reading bar." This feature
            emphasizes an area spanning the full width of the browser window, covering just a few lines of text,
            with shaded
            areas above and below to reduce distractions. The reading bar is particularly beneficial for individuals
            with
            challenges such as dyslexia, visual processing issues, or ADHD, as it helps isolate text and reduce
            visual
            stress, making navigation of large text blocks more manageable.
        

Audio Narration

            Engage with content through two effective auditory methods:
Direct Text Highlighting: Highlight the specific text you're interested in and press "r". The
            system will
            promptly read the selected text aloud.
Block Reader Feature: Activate the "Block Reader" by clicking its designated button. Once
            enabled,
            the system will visually emphasize content blocks by drawing a rectangle around them as you hover. This
            gives a
            clear indication of the content block currently selected. To hear the content within this block, press
            "r". If
            you wish to halt the narration at any point, simply click the Escape button.
        

Enhanced Menu Navigation

            To offer users an alternative, simplified navigation experience, our toolbar provides the "Enhanced Menu
            Navigation" feature. You can activate this feature either by clicking its dedicated button in the
            control panel
            or simply by pressing "m" on your keyboard.

            Once activated:
Dialog Box Display: A dialog box emerges over the website content, showcasing menu items in an
            enlarged
            format. For quick navigation, each menu item is paired with a unique number.
Audio Assistance: For those who benefit from auditory cues, pressing "r" allows the system to
            read out
            the menu items and their associated numbers aloud.
Intuitive Navigation: By inputting the number of a menu item via the keyboard, users can
            seamlessly
            explore deeper into submenus. Items are displayed in the same user-friendly manner, and if a chosen item
            is
            linked, the system immediately directs users to the relevant URL.

            This feature serves as an alternative method to traverse the website, catering specifically to users who
            might
            find this format more comfortable or efficient based on their individual preferences or needs.
        

Keyboard-Only Operability
            Recognizing the importance of an unobtrusive browsing experience, our Accessibility Toolbar has been
            meticulously designed to function without the need for the on-screen control panel. By mastering the
            keyboard
            shortcuts, users can seamlessly engage with all the toolbar's features, allowing them to enjoy the
            original
            website design and content with minimal visual disruptions. This approach ensures that everyone can
            access the
            enhanced features while preserving the intended aesthetic of the website.
Click here for the complete list of keyboard shortcuts.


            Thank you for using our Accessibility Toolbar. We hope this guide assists you in navigating our website
            effortlessly. Should you have any feedback or require further assistance, please reach out to our
            support team.
            Your feedback helps us improve and cater to the needs of all our users better. Enjoy your browsing
            experience!
        











