Website: https://staffhub.stillwaterschools.org 



  


Staff Resources - Staff Portal

























Skip To Main Content














District Home




Enroll




Search





Our Schools



Early LearningAfton-Lakeland ElementaryAndersen ElementaryBrookview ElementaryLake Elmo ElementaryLily Lake ElementaryRutherford ElementaryStonebridge ElementaryOak-Land Middle SchoolStillwater Middle SchoolStillwater Area High SchoolSt. Croix Valley ALCBridge Transition 18-22Community Education(opens in new window/tab)





Search



SearchClearSearch





Menu










Enroll




Search





Our Schools



Early LearningAfton-Lakeland ElementaryAndersen ElementaryBrookview ElementaryLake Elmo ElementaryLily Lake ElementaryRutherford ElementaryStonebridge ElementaryOak-Land Middle SchoolStillwater Middle SchoolStillwater Area High SchoolSt. Croix Valley ALCBridge Transition 18-22Community Education(opens in new window/tab)





Search



SearchClearSearch




Staff Resources




District Home













Close










SearchClearSearch



SELECT A SITE TO SEARCH

District
Afton-Lakeland Elementary
Andersen Elementary
Brookview Elementary
Community Education
Lake Elmo Elementary
Lily Lake Elementary
Rutherford Elementary
Staff Portal
Stonebridge Elementary
Oak-Land Middle
Stillwater Middle
Stillwater Area High School
St. Croix Valley ALC
Go Ponies







CalendarEmploymentEnrollmentFor StaffMeals(opens in new window/tab)PowerSchoolSchool BoardStaff DirectoryTickets







Popular Searches




Attendance
PowerSchool
Supply Lists
Parent/Teacher Conferences
Enroll
Calendar
Parking Pass
Map
Staff Directory
School Board Meetings






Students & Families




Attendance
Calendars
Classlink
Clever
Family Roadmap
Peachjar (e-flyers)
PowerSchool
SchoolCafe
Schoology
School Nurse
SmartSchoolK12
Technology Support
Jostens Yearbooks






About Our District




Business & Finance
Communications
Community Education
Health Services
Human Resources
Nutrition Services
Operations
Special Education
Superintendent
Teaching & Learning
Technology
Transportation














Home >


			Staff Resources










Staff Resources






Searching for links to the tools you use most? You're in luck!
We've compiled all of the most important staff resources here for you.






HELP DESKContact Tech Support






Staff Tools




FRONTLINE ABSENCE MANAGEMENT






CLASSLINK






DESTINY LIBRARY SYSTEM






DIRECTORY MANAGER








FRONTLINE ABSENCE MANAGEMENT RECRUITING & HIRING






GOOGLE TOOLS






ILLUMINATE






INTERNAL STAFF "INTRANET"








POWERSCHOOL ADMIN






POWERSCHOOL TEACHER






PROFESSIONAL LEARNING (CEUS)






ROOMS (RESERVATION SYSTEM)








SAFETY DATA SHEETS (SDS)






SAFETY TRAINING






SCHOOLOGY
FOR STAFF






SECONDARY ELOS & LEARNING TARGETS








SKYWARD ERMA






SPED CASE MANAGER TOOLKIT






SPED FORMS






PERFORM (TALENTED)






Additional Staff Resources






Benefits Open Enrollment


COVID-19 Resources


Earned Sick and Safe Time


Election Dos & Don'ts


Employee Assistance Support (EAP)


Employee Forms


Holiday Schedule


ISD#834 Compliance Training


Mandatory Reporting


Master Contracts and Terms & Conditions


Omada Health (free online support)


Relicensure


TEACHER DEVELOPMENT AND EVALUATION PLAN (TDEP)


Well@Work Clinic




Benefits Open Enrollment







Benefits Open Enrollment Time: April 29 - May 10, 2024
This is your chance to review your options and choose the benefits that work best for you and your family!
Vision insurance is now available
All full-time employees now have the option to add vision insurance. Former Gold plan participants who wish to retain vision insurance must make this election during open enrollment.
Other benefit changes that require NO action:


Gold plan members will transition to high deductible plan
	The Gold plan is going away, and insurance coverage for members will automatically move to the high deductible plan. The same coverage level (single/family) will carry over to your new plan. 




Life Insurance, short term disability, long term disability and employee assistance program (EAP) provider will be changing to VOYA
	Watch for more information prior to the effective date of July 1.




More money will be going into your VEBA account
	The district contribution to your VEBA will increase to match the out of pocket maximum cost for full-time employees.








Benefits Presentation
Virtual Info Session
April 25 at 7 a.m.
Learn about our benefits and insurance changes for the 2024-25 plan year and ask your questions.
Meeting ID: 910 8138 3250
Passcode: 766849
Zoom link








2024-25 benefits guide






2024 delta dental benefit summary






2024 vsp vision
benefit summary








2024 Bluecross blueshield summary of benefits and coverage






2024-25 Bluecross blueshield member resource guide






2024 benefits presentation








COVID-19 Resources










What do I do if I am sick?

Whether vaccinated against COVID or not, stay home if you are sick! 
Notify your supervisor and enter your absence as normal (request a sub if needed).
Consider getting tested.
Contact your healthcare provider for medical advice.








What do I do if I am a close contact to a person with COVID-19? 








You can continue to work as long as you do not have symptoms. 
It is recommended that you wear a mask.
Get tested three to five days following the date of exposure.
Isolate if you test positive.











What do I do if I am COVID positive?
See Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) website: What to Do if You Have COVID-19

Notify your supervisor and enter your absence as normal; (request a sub if needed).
Notify the building health office staff to determine your return to work date.
Notify the Human Resources Office and send a copy of your positive test results.

Isolation Guidelines
When people get sick with a respiratory virus, CDC guidance recommends that they stay home and away from others. For people with COVID-19 and influenza, treatment is available and can lessen symptoms and lower the risk of severe illness. The recommendations suggest returning to normal activities when, for at least 24 hours, symptoms are improving overall, and if a fever was present, it has been gone without use of a fever-reducing medication.
Once people resume normal activities, they are encouraged to take additional prevention strategies for the next five days to curb disease spread, such as taking more steps for cleaner air, enhancing hygiene practices, wearing a well-fitting mask, keeping a distance from others, and/or getting tested for respiratory viruses. 









Earned Sick and Safe Time







Employees now eligible for Earned Sick & Safe Time
Earned Sick and Safe Time (ESST) is the state legislature’s answer to making sure that every worker can have access to paid time off for things like illness, caring for family members and maintaining their personal safety.






Earned sick and safe time employee notice






Aviso de tiempo ganado de enfermedad y seguridad








This legislation passed during the spring 2023 session and goes into effect Jan 1, 2024. 

The ESST law requires employers to provide paid leave to eligible employees who work in the state. 
An eligible employee is considered as anyone who works at least 80 hours but does not include independent contractors. 
Full time employees who received their time off allocations this fall are already in compliance with the new law and will see little change.
Most part time employees (those working less than six hours per day) will begin accruing sick leave on a schedule equal to one hour of ESST for every 30 hours worked to a maximum of 48 hours per year. This leave allocation is in addition to what was provided on July 1, 2023.  
ESST is tracked in hours, rather than in days. This means that ESST will be available to use in much smaller increments than sick time has been available in the past.

Earned Sick and Safe Time can be used for a broader range of reasons than what is listed in the contracts and terms and conditions:

An employee’s mental or physical illness, treatment or preventive care;  
 The mental or physical illness, treatment or preventive care of an employee’s family member;
Absence due to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking of an employee or a family member;
Closure of an employee’s workplace due to weather or public emergency or closure of their family member’s school or care facility due to weather or public emergency; and
When determined by a health authority or health care professional that an employee or their family member is at risk of infecting others with a communicable disease.

 






Questions?




Human Resources
651-351-8305
Fax 651-351-8330
humanresources@stillwaterschools.org




Kristine Carlston
Executive Director of Human Resources
carlstonk@stillwaterschools.org
651-351-8311
Ashley Xiong
Human Resources Supervisor
651-351-8319
xionga@stillwaterschools.org
Kris Ann McIntyre
Human Resources Generalist
(Cafeteria, Casuals, Community Ed, Paraprofessionals)
651-351-8313
mcintyrek@stillwaterschools.org
Debra Villafania
Human Resources Generalist
(Teachers, Administrators, Admin. Support, Custodians, Co-Curricular)
651-351-8316
villafaniad@stillwaterschools.org








Election Dos & Don'ts





Staff Guidelines During Referendum Campaign
Minnesota political campaign laws are very clear that NO SCHOOL DISTRICT FUNDS can be used to promote a "yes" or "no" vote for a bond, or for an individual candidate or position. The school district may use funds to provide factual information so that voters can make an informed choice.
The district’s role is to INFORM citizens - not to advocate for a particular vote.
Please use the guide regarding what you as a staff member may or may not do in regard to an election. If you have additional questions, call the Communications Office at 651-351-8320.
Note: All referendum informational materials prepared or distributed with the use of school district funds must be approved by the Communications Office. The goal of a district’s informational campaign is to keep residents informed and provide accurate information in a neutral manner.






Employees MAY:

Answer factual questions about the issues
Express a personal opinion about issues when asked
Volunteer to work with a citizen’s committee during non-work hours, including hosting neighborhood meetings and/or writing editorials or letters to the editor
Contribute personal funds to a campaign
Wear personal symbols of expression (ie. buttons, shirts, etc.) as long as they comply with other district policies
Display campaign signs and posters on personal property (home, cars, etc.)
Speak at public meetings or attend campaign events during non-working hours. Participation in such activities during regular working hours requires use of personal or vacation time
Teachers may discuss with students or parents the political process or election issues to the extent such discussion is directly related to the curriculum
Support good citizenship by encouraging eligible voters to vote 







Employees MAY NOT

Tell others to vote YES or NO while working
Use school/classroom newsletters, staff mailboxes, or district e-mail to promote a YES or NO vote or advocate for a candidate or position
Voice an unsolicited opinion on the issue
Conduct volunteer campaign duties during the regular workday
Contribute school district funds, supplies or equipment to a campaign
Display campaign posters or signs on school property
Participate in campaign activities during the regular work day
Use school-collected, nonpublic information (ie. classroom lists or contact information that only a staff member would have access to)
Teachers may not discuss with students campaign issues or advocate a position unrelated to the curriculum
Teachers may not use any type of grading incentive to encourage or require voting or political activity









Employee Assistance Support (EAP)







A Helping Hand When You Need It...
There are times in life when you might need a little help coping or figuring out what to do. Take advantage of the Employee Assistance Program (EAP)1 which includes WorkLife Services and is available to you and your family in connection with your group insurance from Standard Insurance Company (The Standard). It's confidential - information will be released only with  your permission or as required by law.
Connection to Resources, Support and Guidance
You, your dependents (including children to age 26)2 and all household members can contact master's-degreed clinicians 24/7 by phone, online, live chat, email and text. There's even a mobile EAP app. Receive referrals to support groups, a network counselor, community resources or your health plan. If necessary, you'll be connected to emergency services.
Your program includes up to three face-to-face assessment and counseling sessions per issue. EAP services can help with:









Worklife Services
WorkLife Services are  included with the Employee Assistance Program. Get help with referrals for important needs like education, adoption, travel, daily living and care for your pet, child or elderly loved one.
 
Online Resources
Visit workhealthlife.com/Standard3  to explore a wealth of information online, including videos, guides, articles, webinars, resources, self-assessments and calculators.






 
With EAP, assistance is immediate, personal and available when you need it.




Contact EAP
888.293.6948 
TDD: 800.327.1833
24 hours a day, 
seven days a week
workhealthlife.com/
Standard3
 
NOTE: It's a violation of your company's contract to share this information with individuals who are not eligible for this service. 




Standard Insurance Company
1100 SW Sixth Avenue
Portland, OR 97204
standard.com
Employee Assistance Program-3
SI 17201 (7/17) EE 






1 The EAP service is provided through an arrangement with Morneau Shepell, which is not affiliated with The Standard. Morneau Shepell is solely responsible for providing and administering the included service. EAP is not an insurance product and is provided to groups of 10-2,499 lives. This service is only available while insured under The Standard's group policy. 
2 Individual EAP counseling sessions area available to eligible participants 16 years and older; family sessions are available for eligible members 12 years and older, and their parent or guardian. Children under the age of 12 will not receive individual counseling sessions. 
The Standard is a marketing name for StanCorp Financial Group, Inc. and subsidiaries. Insurance products are offered by Standard Insurance Company of Portland, Oregon in all states except New York. Product features and availability vary by state and are solely the responsibility of Standard Insurance Company. 
Download this information






Employee Forms






Change of Address
Clock Hour Application Approval Form
Course Approval Form for District Salary Credit
FMLA Packet
Investigation Report - Religious, Racial, Sexual Harassment, Violence, or Hazing
Medical Certification Statement
Report Form - Religious, Racial, Sexual Harassment, Violence, or Hazing
Resignation Form
Sabbatical Leave Application
Short Term Disability or Sick Bank Leave Application 
Travel Credit Application
Tuition Approval Form







Holiday Schedule





2024-25 Holiday Schedule






ISD#834 Compliance Training





This year, ISD#834 is having all staff take the following three technology training courses: Cybersecurity, Phishing Awareness, and FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act). These trainings are being offered through the District’s Professional Learning platform. Staff with access to PowerSchool can access their assigned trainings through the Waffle icon (top-right).

Staff without access to PowerSchool can go straight to the training site using the following link: https://stillwater.pl.powerschool.com/
You may need to log into your District Google Account to access the training site.






Once you are logged in, click on COMPLIANCE TRAINING and begin your training.













If you need help accessing your training website, you can view the following Loom videos:






HOW TO ACCESS
PROFESSIONAL LEARNING






HELP ME TAKE THE
FERPA TRAINING








Mandatory Reporting







Under Minnesota Statute 260E.06, persons in designated professional occupations are mandated to report suspected child abuse or neglect.
Persons who work with children and families are in a position to help protect children from harm. These persons are required by law to report to child protection if they know or have a reason to believe that a child is being abused or neglected or that a child has been neglected or abused within the prior three years.
The individual with direct knowledge of possible child abuse or neglect is individually responsible to report to the police or child protection. Reporting the concern to a supervisor, administrator, or other coworkers does not mitigate your responsibility to report.
The reporter's name is confidential, accessible only if the reporter consents or by a court order. You can find more information about mandated reporting on the Washington County website in the Resource Guide for Mandated Reporters.






How To Report Suspected Abuse/Neglect
Verbal reports must be made immediately (no longer than 24 hours). A verbal report by a mandated reporter must be followed within 72 hours, excluding holidays and weekends, by a written report of alleged maltreatment.
If a child is in immediate danger, or to request an immediate welfare check, call 9-1-1 or your local police department.
To make a verbal report on suspected abuse or neglect of a child:
Call 651-430-6457 during normal business hours, Monday - Friday,  8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Call the Washington County Crisis Response Unit at 651-275-7400  during the evening, weekend, or holidays.
To make a written report on suspected abuse or neglect of a child:
Please fill out and submit this online form:  Referral of Suspected Child Abuse or Neglect.
Submissions lacking identifying information may result in a report not being accepted.








Master Contracts and Terms & Conditions





2022-24 Community Ed Leads and Assistants Terms and Conditions
2023-25 Coordinators/Supervisors/Specialists Master Terms and Conditions
2023-25 Custodian Master Contract
2023-25 District Directors Terms and Conditions
2023-25 Nutrition Services Master Contract
2022-24 Paraprofessional Master Contract
2023-25 Principals Master Contract
2023-25 SCEA Master Contract
2023-25 Tech Support Master Terms and Conditions






Omada Health (free online support)





All staff and dependents 18 year and older who are enrolled in our Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance program may be eligible to participate in Omada Health at no cost. Omada Health is a digital lifestyle change program personalized to help you reach your health goals -whether that's losing weight, gaining energy, or improving your overall physical health. As part of the program, you will receive a wireless smart scale, a professional virtual health coach, personalized support, and so much more. To find out if you're eligible, fill out a short questionnaire.






Relicensure








			Relicensure v02


 
Beginning your license renewal application
The Committee ONLY accepts paperwork from individuals during the last year of their renewal cycle. After paperwork is approved by the District Relicensure Committee and submitted into the Professional Education Licensing and Standards Board system, applications for renewal are ONLY accepted for processing by PELSB after January 1 and before June 30 of the year of license expiration.
Read our Relicensure Procedures Booklet. (In the process of being updated)
 

 
Clock Hour Forms and Additional Resources

Additional Clock Hour Resources (UPDATED)
Clock Hour Pre-Approval Form for Relicensure
Clock Hour Application Approval Form (UPDATED)
Print District CEU Transcript
Online License Renewal Guide (UPDATED)
Mandatory Requirements Chart for Relicensure
Movement from Tier 3 to Tier 4

 
Helpful Links

MEA Online: LearnUpon Login / Register
Infinitec: Login / Register
MN Professional Educator Licensing and Standards Board
License Lookup
Online License Renewal
Suicide Prevention Link (Enter WCDPH as your Organization Code) 
	 


Questions?
Stephanie Nord
Relicensure Committee Chair
651-275-2155
nords@stillwaterschools.org








TEACHER DEVELOPMENT AND EVALUATION PLAN (TDEP)





Members of the SCEA, district administration, and Board of Ed worked collaboratively for more than two year to develop the Stillwater Teacher Development and Evaluation Plan (TDEP) for the purpose of fostering professional growth and development, driven by the following Purpose Statement:

The primary purpose of teacher evaluation in ISD 834 is to foster professional growth and development, operating within a framework of collaboration and trust. The main outcome of such evaluation is improved student learning through strengthened educator practices.







Resources

TDEP Booklet
Teacher Improvement Plan (TIP)
Data Goal Support

 






Teacher Portfolios

Online Teacher Portfolio Access
Teacher Portfolio Training Video







Process and Maps

TDEP Process Flow Chart









5D+ Rubric Summary 






5D Instructional Framework






School Psychologist Rubric








School Counselor Rubric






Occupational Therapist Rubric






Speech Language Pathologist Rubric 








Student Advocate Rubric 






School Nurse Rubric






Instructional Coaching Rubric 








Well@Work Clinic







We've made it easier to stay healthy!
Wouldn’t it be great if you didn’t have to leave work to go to the doctor? Now you don’t have to because we’ve brought the clinic to you!
Who can be seen at Well@Work?


All employees covered under a bargaining agreement, regardless of whether they are covered under our insurance plan.

Dependents (18 months or older) who are enrolled in the Stillwater Schools health plan.

What can I be seen for at my Well@Work clinic?


Cold & flu


Strep throat

Sprains
Seasonal allergies
Ear infections
Some primary care services
Sinus infections
Back pain
Lab tests and more

How much will Well@Work cost me?
Nothing. All services provided at the clinic are at no cost to you and your dependents on the health plan who are 18 months or older.
Will I see a doctor?
You’ll see a HealthPartners advanced care practitioner who is a Physician Assistant. They’re certified to do many of the things a doctor can. They are employed by HealthPartners, this means that your medical information is confidential, just like when you to go your regular clinic.
What if I need medicine?
Well@Work can fill many generic medicines prescribed during your visit for FREE. Please note, Well@Work can’t fill prescriptions from doctors at other clinics.







Appointments:
952-967-7661
healthpartners.com
Hours:
Regular Hours
(Aug 16-June 14)
M/W/F - 6 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. 
T/Th - 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Summer Hours
(June 15-Aug 15)
M/W/F - 6 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.
T/Th - 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Location:
Stillwater Area High School
5701 Stillwater Blvd. N.
Outside Door 31S
Stillwater, MN 55082





















Staff Portal






Student Hours: 7:50 a.m. - 2:20 p.m.






Office Hours: 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.






Facebook(opens in new window/tab)InstagramYouTube






Enroll






See Something,
Say Something






Careers






FOR STAFF






Accessibility StatementPrivacy PolicySitemap







Powered by Finalsite







