Website: https://www.philasd.org/face/#familyacademy/#staffresources 











 
Family & Community Engagement (FACE)



















































Skip to content
Skip to navigation

The District announces launch of High School Student Forums. Learn more here.



Office Menu:Home
Parent Portal
Family & Community Support
Multilingual Family Support
Volunteer Support
Family Academy
News & Events
Contact
Get Help!





Search the site:











Families
Students
Employees
Calendar
Parent Portal
Login








Schools

School Directory
Find My School
Apply and Enroll
Uniform Information
Re-Engagement to High School
Learning Networks
Charter Schools
School Profiles & Data


Academics

Arts & Creative Learning
Athletics
Career and Technical Education (CTE)
Curriculum & Instruction
Early Childhood Education

PreKindergarten
Kindergarten


Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program
Post Secondary Readiness (College & Career)
Graduation Requirements
Language & Culture
Re-matriculation, Alternative & Virtual Options
School Selection
Specialized Services (Diverse Learners)
Student Assessments
Summer Programs


Services

Attendance & Truancy
Bullying, Harassment & Discrimination
Equity & Inclusion
Family & Community Support
Family Courses & Training
Immunizations & Physicals
Mental Health & Trauma Supports
Multilingual Family Support
Nutrition (Eat Right Philly)
Parent & Family Portal
Pregnant & Parenting Students
Special Needs/Accommodations
Students Experiencing Homelessness
Student Enrollment & Placement

New Student Registration
Pre-K Registration
Kindergarten Registration
School Selection Process
Student Transition Center
Opportunity Network


Student Health Services
Student Initiatives & Programs
Student Records & Transcripts
Student Safety & Protection
School Meal Menus
Tech Support & Chromebooks
Transportation
Volunteer Support
Working Papers


Our District

About Us
Board of Education
District Calendars
News & Media Inquiries
Fast Facts
Meet Our Superintendent
Meet Our Leadership
Strategic Plan
Goals and Guardrails
The Fund
Inclement Weather and Emergency Protocol
Environmental


Careers
Contact Us
Login



A
A
A


Search the site


Menu 









Office of			
			Family & Community Engagement


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram

 call us at215-400-4180 Portal: A Suite: 114





You are Here
Family & Community Engagement
Family Community Engagement




Home
Parent Portal
Family & Community Support
Multilingual Family Support
Volunteer Support
Family Academy
News & Events
Contact
Get Help!








Office of Family & Community Engagement (FACE)Welcome to FACE—your compass for student achievement, connecting families, schools, and communities to ensure every student thrives. Sign Up for E-mail UpdatesHomeFamily & Community SupportMultilingual Family SupportPregnant/Parenting Student ServicesSchool Advisory Councils (SACs)Parent PortalFamily Courses & TrainingFamily ResourcesVolunteerNews & EventsStaff ResourcesContact UsHomeOur office is committed to fostering partnerships among schools, families, and the community. As a central hub for family engagement, we empower parent leaders and families to support students in achieving academic proficiency and college and career readiness. Our focus lies in enhancing family engagement strategies, providing essential resources, and promoting collaboration between families, schools, and the community.





Need Info or Help?Contact our Call Center, Welcome Center or reach out to a Family Engagement Liaison.Learn More





Parent PortalGet information about your child’s grades, attendance, schedules & more.Learn More





Family AcademyFree courses and training for families & the community.Learn More





Get InvolvedExplore Volunteer Resources.Learn More





Multilingual Family SupportConnect with Bilingual Counseling Assistants and Welcoming Sanctuary Schools.Learn More





Teen Parent SupportAccess specialized Teen Parent Services.Learn More





School Advisory Council (SAC)Learn how SACs boost student success by working together with families, teachers, and the community.Learn More





Concern Resolution ProcessReview our concern resolution process and submit your concern.Learn More





Family ResourcesFind various resources from Uniform Information to Important Documents and Forms.Learn MoreFamily & Community Support


Family & Community Support




Call Center
Our dedicated team ensures your questions find the right answers. Our commitment to exceptional customer service means your concerns receive personalized attention.

Your first-line connection to information about District services, initiatives, and programs, acting as a link between customers and appropriate District offices.
We work closely with schools and Principals’ Learning Networks to address parental questions and concerns, engaging with parents and serving as a first point of contact.






How Can We Help?



 Send Us a Message 215-400-4000



FACE Liaisons
Meet the District’s Family Engagement Liaisons—your direct line to personalized support, ensuring seamless communication between you, your child’s school, and the District’s offices.
We help by:

Facilitating the resolution of parent concerns
Helping you support your child’s education
Assistance with your navigation of the various District programs, services, policies, and procedures
Answering questions about community-based programs and resources
Holding parent workshops and events









 Contact a Family Engagement Liaison








Visit the Welcome Center:
The School District of Philadelphia
440 North Broad Street, Suite 131
Philadelphia, PA, 19130





Welcome Center
Step into our Welcome Center—a comfortable, in-person hub dedicated to providing families and constituents with unwavering support.
Here, you’ll find help with:

Resolving concerns (for example, filing a bullying report or getting help working with a principal)
Ways to support your child’s education
Navigating the School District (for example, finding personnel and resources)
Information on District policies, procedures, programs, and services
Connecting with community-based programs and resources
Free computer lab and lounge for family use, including job searches and other essential tasks



Multilingual Family Support


Multilingual Family Support Services
Explore the District’s Multilingual Family Support services – We are dedicated to promoting equal access to language services, opportunities, and resources for all District families and community members.




Interpretation & Translation Services
Parents and Guardians: We work diligently to ensure that essential information is available in your preferred language. If you need translation and/or interpretation services, please contact the main office of your child/children(s) school.








 Interpretation & Translation Services for Staff






 Contact a Bilingual Counseling Assistant


Bilingual Counseling Assistants (BCAs)
Our team consists of over 120 bilingual counseling assistants (BCAs) who speak over twenty-three languages and dialects, serving as key cultural and linguistic bridges in schools for immigrant and refugee families. They offer vital interpretation and translation services, alongside conducting workshops to help families navigate school systems, understand academic feedback, and access resources. BCAs also undergo professional development, focusing on building trust, respectful communication, and fostering inclusive environments that celebrate the diverse backgrounds of our families.






Welcoming Sanctuary Schools
The School District of Philadelphia is committed to fostering safe and welcoming environments for all students and their families, regardless of their immigration status, national origin, race, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, familial status, religion, or person’s abilities.


Learn more & Access ResourcesIn June 2021, the Board of Education passed the “Welcoming Sanctuary Schools” Resolution, in collaboration with community-led, Latinx immigrant organization, Juntos. The Resolution reinforces that all Philadelphia public schools are safe havens for immigrant students and calls for updated guidance and training for District stakeholders around keeping this commitment. The School District of Philadelphia has updated guidance and will provide training to teachers, administrators, and other staff, contractors, and volunteers on how to respond to issues involving immigration status and is putting in place supports for students who may be impacted by federal immigration enforcement actions.
PROTOCOLS FOR STAFF
Review guidance to school principals and District staff on the process and procedures to follow if federal immigration officials, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents or designees, request access to a District facility, student, or student records.
READ THE PROTOCOLS
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT PLAN
District-wide plan for informing and training teachers, administrators, and other staff, contractors, and volunteers on how to respond to ICE personnel, entities who are requesting information about students and families, and/or are attempting to enter school property.
VIEW THE PLAN

Read the Welcoming Sanctuary Schools Resolution – Available in 10 languages
Immigrant and Refugee Toolkit – Helpful Information, Tips, and Resources for Supporting Immigrant and Refugee Families
Letter Regarding Welcoming Sanctuary Schools Protocols – Read a Response to the Community Regarding the Resolution
Submit a Question Regarding Welcoming Sanctuary Schools – Contact the Office of Family and Community Engagement

Community Engagement Resources
The Welcoming Sanctuary Schools policies and procedures were developed over several months with family, staff, and community feedback. You can find resources from our outreach opportunities below.
Community Conversation Presentation Slides (5 Languages)

English Main Presentation | English Breakout Room Slides
Arabic (عربي)
(汉语) Chinese
Português (Portuguese)
Presentación principal en Español (Spanish Main Presentation
Presentación de la sala para grupos pequeños en Español (Spanish Breakout Room Presentation)

Participant Demographics and Feedback

Community Conversation Participant Statistics
Breakout Room Conversation Feedback




Language Access Feedback


To ensure that the quality of the translation and/or interpretation services provided meets the district's and all stakeholders' expectations, we are inviting feedback from parents/guardians, staff, and community members. The goal is to create an inclusive space where all voices are heard and considered. If you have any compliments, concerns, challenges, or suggestions for improving overall language access services, please fill out the Language Access Feedback form. Your feedback is valuable and will help us improve our services.Submit Language Access Feedback


Language Access Complaints


The School District of Philadelphia is committed to providing language accessibility services for parents and guardians whose primary language is not English. Any complaint alleging inadequate language access services will be taken seriously. If a parent feels like they have not been provided with reasonable or professional language access services, including translation and interpretation services, you may complete and submit this complaint form.Submit Language Access Complaint Have Questions? Click HerePregnant/Parenting Student Services


Pregnant/Parenting Student Services
Our Pregnant/Parenting Student Services, featuring the Education Leading to Employment and Career Training (ELECT) program, is designed for expectant or parenting students of any gender.

Offers FREE case management and supportive services
Designed for those 21 years old and younger
Aims to help students achieve their highest potential personally and academically
Supports students to become successful parents and citizens
Provides necessary support to stay in school through graduation



Program Services
Personalized Support Services: Crafted to help expecting and parenting students flourish in both their personal and academic spheres.
Essential Supplies: From baby clothes and diapers to formula and baby supplies, including PackNPlays and carseats, we’ve got all your needs covered.
Incentives and Resources: Enjoy gift cards to stores like Target, ShopRite, etc, access to quality child care, and incentives for attendance, grades, and achievement.
Educational Support: Engage in field trips, parenting and child development education, post-secondary planning, and academic support for a well-rounded educational experience.
Transportation Services: Seamless access to the support you need, without barriers.

Student Eligibility
Be enrolled in a school or GED program in Philadelphia
Participate in program activities at least 4 hours a month
Meet for quarterly home visits with Case Manager (community setting if home is not available)
Strive for 75%-100% school attendance
Complete school assignments, maintain grades and make progress towards graduation

Resources & Policies
Know Your Rights – Pregnant and Parenting students have the same rights as other students. Learn what your school must provide.
Pregnant/Parenting Students Policy – Guidelines, Health and Support Services, Confidentiality, Legal References and More.
Administrative Policy Guide – Click here to review responsibilities regarding the educational rights of pregnant and parenting students.











Make an Appointment
For currently enrolled students:
(Car Seat, Baby Boutique, Safe Sleep)
Phone: (215) 400-4250
Email: ELECTinfo@philasd.org


 Interested? Fill Out this Form Have Questions? Click Here Staff ResourcesSchool Advisory Councils (SACs)


School Advisory Councils (SACs)
School Advisory Councils are a peer-elected blend of family members, school staff, students (for grades 7-12), and community members united in championing academic success and fostering strong partnerships.
Regular SAC meetings, held at least every other month, focus on data-driven discussions centering around key areas:

Improved student achievement
Effective teaching
Enhanced parent and community engagement

Why do SACs work? The philosophy is simple—engaged parents and family members lead to improved academic achievement. SACs provide a structured platform for intentional, action-oriented partnerships between the school and the community. By incorporating diverse perspectives, SACs become innovative hubs for academic transformation.








 Apply to Join Your School's Advisory Council Have Questions? Click Here



Helpful Resources


SAC Training Materials & Resources
SAC Training Materials – These materials will help get your School Advisory Council up and running.

Archived SAC Academy Materials


SAC Resources and Information Guides
SAC One-Pager – Do you have questions about what the SAC is and what it does? Check out this flyer!
SAC Frequently Asked Questions Get up to speed on the details of SAC by reading this FAQ.
Key Terms in Policy 920 Understand the spirit of SAC with this Policy 920 breakdown.

Focus on FACE SAC Articles
Collaborating with Other Family Groups
Taking SAC Meeting Minutes
SAC and School Budgets
Combining Title I and SAC Meetings
The Benefits of Virtual Meetings
Ways to Regather Virtually as a SAC
The Benefits of Virtual Meetings
Recruiting Student Representatives for Your SAC
How to Get the Community Involved in SAC
Keep Up the Momentum in the New Calendar Year
Using Technology to Facilitate SAC Meetings
How SACs Can Discuss, Promote, and Improve Literacy
How SACs Can Utilize and Mobilize Volunteers
Transitioning from One School Year to the Next

Available District Data Resources
District-Wide Surveys
School Progress Reports
Office of Research and Evaluation Reports and Briefs
Open Data
School Profiles
PSSA & Keystone Performance Data

Additional Helpful Websites & Partner Organizations
School Budget Public Information & Documents
Philadelphia Home and School Council
Friends of Neighborhood Education
The Fund for the School District of Philadelphia
School District of Philadelphia Office of Grants Development
Community Tool Box – The University of Kansas
PTO Today
Walking School Bus
Read by 4th
Eat Right Philly

Parent Portal


Parent & Family Portal
The School District of Philadelphia’s Parent & Family Portal gives you access to valuable information about your child’s education and school.

View Student Grades
Track Test Scores
See Student Attendance
View Immunization Records
Set Communication Preferences
Access Report Cards










 Login to Parent Portal Register for a Portal Account Have Questions? Click HereDownload the Parent Portal App!







Available on the App Store & Google Play




Resources



How to Register for Parent PortalTo complete your registration you will need:

Your student’s ID number
A personal email address.
Access to the telephone number on file at your student’s school.

Registration Directions
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt

How to Download the AppThe Campus Parent App (iPhone)
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
The Campus Parent App (Android)
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
How to Use the Parent PortalHow to Use The Portal
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt

The Campus Parent App (iPhone)
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
The Campus Parent App (Android)
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
How to Access Report CardsEnglish | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
Viewing Progress toward Completion of Act 158 PA Graduation PathwaysHow to view progress toward completion of Act 158 PA Graduation Pathways
English| SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?enablejsapi=1&autoplay=0&cc_load_policy=1&cc_lang_pref=&iv_load_policy=1&loop=0&modestbranding=0&rel=0&fs=1&playsinline=0&autohide=2&theme=dark&color=red&controls=1&" class="__youtube_prefs__  no-lazyload" title="YouTube player"  allow="fullscreen; accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen data-no-lazy="1" data-skipgform_ajax_framebjll="">
Viewing Check and Reflect in Campus ParentEnglish | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt
Computer Serial Number in Campus ParentEnglish | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt



Frequently Asked Questions
English | SHQIP  | عربي  | 汉语 | ខ្មែរ  | Français | Português | Pусский | Español | Việt


Family Courses & Training


Welcome to Family Academy: Courses & Training (FACT)!




FACT offers free in-person and virtual workshops for families and other members of the School District of Philadelphia community. FACT workshops support personal growth, student success, and greater connections within our schools, communities, and city. We invite you to take a look at upcoming workshop offerings and register to join us!








 Register for a Workshop


Questions?
Click Here or call 215-400-4180, #5


More Adult Learning Opportunities
City of Philadelphia Adult Education Classes
English Language Classes for Adults
PHLConnectED Digital Skills Classes
Free Library of Philadelphia Events & Workshops
Ready4K Family Engagement Videos (via Read by 4th)
SDP Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Events
PA CareerLink
Philadelphia Opportunities Industrialization Center, Inc. (OIC)
Philadelphia FIGHT Critical Path Learning Center

Help Spread the Word about Family Workshops!Help spread the word about FACT with the flyers below! You can also find social media reminders on the District’s Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram or you can sign up for our Focus on FACE newsletter for the latest updates.
English | Albanian (Shqip) | (عربي) Arabic | Chinese (汉语) | French (Français) | Khmer (ខ្មែរ) | Portuguese (Português) | Russian (Русский) | Spanish (Español) | Vietnamese (Việt)
FACT YouTube Channel/Video Library



Can’t make it to a workshop? Attended a workshop and want to share it? Check out the recordings of our latest virtual workshops on our YouTube page!
Subscribe to Our Channel« Prev1 / 70Next »The Power of Positive ParentingRedefining Math and Who It Belongs ToParent's Guide to Cultivating a Love for Reading« Prev1 / 70Next »


Family Resources








Resources


Get Your Concern ResolvedGetting your concern addressed
All families at some point have a concern that they need support resolving. The District is here to help. Here is the simple three-step process that we ask families to follow:
Step 1: Talk to the Teacher
If your child has a problem at school, your first step is to reach out to your child’s teacher.
Use the button below to find contact information for your child’s school.
School Directory
Step 2: Meet with Your Principal
If for any reason you are not satisfied with the outcome of your meeting (whether you were unable to reach a satisfactory agreement or because the agreement doesn’t seem to be working), please arrange a meeting with your principal.
Use the button below to find contact information for your child’s school.
School Directory
Step 3: Contact the Family Engagement Team
If you feel that no matter how hard you try, you are not getting the support you seek at the school, please contact the Family Engagement Liaison responsible for your school, visit our District Welcome Center, or reach out to the District Call Center.
Additionally, you can complete our Concern Contact Form online.

Resources

Concern Resolution Details
Concern Policy
Administrative Procedures

Resources for Military FamiliesThe School District of Philadelphia is proud to welcome military service members and their families to our community. We are here to help ensure a smooth transition to our schools for your children and provide relevant information and resources for military families.
Here are some starting points for you as you enroll your student and prepare them for starting in a Philadelphia public school:

Find Your Neighborhood School
Register a Student for a District School
Required Immunization Information
Understand Your Child’s Transportation to School
Find Your School’s Uniform Policy

School Liaison for Naval Support Activity Philadelphia:
Joseph Gordon, NWS Earle (NJ) & NSA Mechanicsburg-Philadelphia (PA) | joseph.m.gordon1@navy.mil | 757-406-1083

Resources
Transition Support

A Military Family’s Guide to School Transitions
Relocation Support – Naval Support Activity Philadelphia
A4L (Anchored4Life) Transition Program
Interstate Compact on Education Opportunity for Military Children
Our Military Kids
Military Child Care

Academic & Student Supports

Military Kids Connect
Tutor.com Military Programs
Discounted SAT/ACT Preparation
Student Aid for Military Families
Military Dependent Scholarship List

Special Education Support

Exceptional Family Member Program
DirectSTEP® eCourses
Military OneSource Special Needs Resources
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Special Education Site

Additional Resources

Military School Liaisons (All Branches)
The Military Child Education Coalition (MCEC)
National Military Family Association (NMFA)
Military OneSource
Navy-Marine Corp Relief Society
Liberty USO – Pennsylvania and Southern New Jersey
U.S. Army Morale, Welfare and Recreation (MWR)
U.S. Navy Morale, Welfare and Recreation (MWR)

Guides & Important DocumentsHelpful Resources

23-34 City-Wide Youth Opportunities
Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program
Career and Technical Education Fact Sheets
Guide to Early Reading
Safe To Say PA Website
Afterschool Program Locator
Statement Against Disability-Based Bullying and Harassment(Link changing)
Alternative Education for Disruptive Youth (AEDY) Complaint Process (Link changing)

Report Cards Guides

Kindergarten Parent Report Card Guide
Grades 1-3 Parent Report Card Guide
Grades 4- 8 Parent Report Card Guide

Annual Parental Notifications

Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Notification of Rights under the FERPA for Elementary and Secondary Schools
Notification of Rights Under the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA)
Release of Directory Information Opt-Out Form

Letters to Parents



Title IX Voluntary Resolution Agreement
Safe2Say Something Parent Letter
Respectful Engagement
Notice of Non Discrimination Qualified Students with Disabilities



Forms, Policies & ProcessesProcedure for Alternative Education for Disruptive Youth (AEDY) Complaint Process for Parents
Parents/Guardians have the right to address their concerns regarding the following issues: 1) placement into an AEDY program 2) exiting decisions from an AEDY 3) quality of academic instruction in an AEDY 4) the provision or omission of language assistance services at an AEDY 5) services to students with disabilities, which may include reasonable modifications while in an AEDY.
English | SHQIP | عربي  | 汉语 | Français  | ខ្មែរ| Português| Русский | Español| Việt
Procedure for AEDY Complaint Process for Constituent
Community Members have the right to address their concerns regarding the following issues: 1) placement into an AEDY program 2) exiting decisions from an AEDY 3) quality of academic instruction in an AEDY 4) the provision or omission of language assistance services at an AEDY 5) services to students with disabilities, which may include reasonable modifications while in an AEDY.
English | SHQIP | عربي | 汉语 | Français | ខ្មែរ | Português | Русский | Español | Việt

Parent & Family Engagement Policy
The School District of Philadelphia recognizes that a child’s education is a responsibility that is shared by parents, families, schools, and the community during the entire period the child is enrolled in school. Creating positive, home, school, and community partnerships is essential to carrying out the shared responsibility necessary to improve schools and reinforce the importance of academic achievement.
Purpose:

Support and secure strong effective partnerships among parents, families, schools and the community that serves to improve academic quality and student performance;
Provide the coordination, technical assistance and other support necessary to assist schools in planning and implementing effective family engagement activities to improve student academic achievement and school performance; and
Comply with Title I, Part A requirements regarding the establishment of a parent and family engagement policy according to Section 1116 of the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA).

Read the Full Policy | Español | 汉语 | Việt | SHQIP | Русский | Français | عربي

Parent and Family Engagement Policy Feedback
The District is providing an opportunity to gather ongoing, online feedback about the policy.

Policy 918 Summary – Review our 2-page summary of policy 918. Get all the main points in an easy-to-digest format.
Read the Policy – Please take the time to review the current Parent and Family Engagement Policy. Please read the policy in its entirety, taking the time to make note of any sections you would like to see changed or removed. As you read the policy, please also keep in mind any sections you feel should be added.
Take the Survey – After reading the current Parent and Family Engagement Policy, please take the time to provide your feedback. A short survey has been created to capture your thoughts and suggestions. Thank You for your efforts in helping the District keep its policy updated.

 School Uniform Information More Family Resources Have Questions? Click HereVolunteer



Volunteer Support
Ready to make a positive impact as a volunteer in our schools?
Follow these steps to complete a volunteer packet:
1. Check with the School: 
First, inquire at the school where you wish to volunteer to find out if they need volunteers and then review our Volunteer Checklist.






2. Clearances and Documentation:


Complete the Child Abuse History ClearanceCost: FREE for volunteers!
Part One: Create a New Account and Get a Temporary Password

Go to https://www.compass.state.pa.us/CWIS/Public/Home.
On the website, under “Welcome to the Child Welfare Portal”, click “Create Individual Account.”
Note: You will need an email address to create an account.
Note: If you already have an account, click “Individual Login” to access your clearances or request updated clearances.
You will be taken to a new page titled “Create Keystone ID: General Information”. At the bottom of the page, click “Next.”
You will be taken to a page titled “Create Keystone ID: Profile Information”. You will be asked to create a “Keystone ID” which is your username. Complete all sections on this page, create your security questions and answer the question at the bottom of the page before clicking “Finish” at the bottom of the page.
An email with a temporary password will be sent to the email address you used to create an account.

Part Two: Create a Permanent Password for Your Account and Log In

Open your email inbox and locate the temporary password. Make sure to copy it
Return to https://www.compass.state.pa.us/CWIS/Public/Home and under “Welcome to the Child Welfare Portal” click “Individual Login”.
Click “Access My Clearances.”
You will be taken to a page titled “Learn More” with information about using the website. At the bottom of the page, click “Continue” to move on.
You will be taken to a page with a login on the left side. Sign-in to your account by entering the Keystone ID (username) you created and the temporary password that was emailed to you.

You will be asked to create a new password. This new password that you create will be your permanent password. Be sure to write it down!


You will be taken back to the Log-in page and asked to log-in again with your Keystone ID (username) and new permanent password. Log in using your Keystone ID (username) and the new permanent password you created.
Select “I have read, fully understand and agree to the My Child Welfare Account Terms and Conditions” and then click “Next.”

Part Three: Create and Complete an Application

Select “Create Clearance Application.”
On the “Application Purpose” page, select the first option, “Volunteer Having Contact with Children.”

You will be prompted to choose a Volunteer Category from a dropdown menu. Choose “Other.”
In “Agency Name,” write “School District of Philadelphia.”


Complete the application: fill in your personal information on the “Applicant Information” throughout the next several pages, clicking “Next” at the bottom of each page to continue forward.
On the “Application Summary” page, review your information to make sure it is correct, and then click “Next” at the bottom of the page.
On the “eSignature” page, select “no,” and then check off the box to affirm that the information you have included is correct. Write your name in the box that appears underneath the affirmation statement.
On the “Applicant Payment” page, select “no” and then click “Next” at the bottom of the page to submit your clearance application.
Note: if you are still prompted to pay, this may be because you didn’t choose “Volunteer Having Contact with Children” in Step #14 or you have already received your child abuse clearance within the past 5 years.
You will receive an email confirming that your clearance application has been received. You will then receive an email notification of the clearance results within 14 days of this submission.

No Email? No Problem!

Print and fill out a paper version of the clearance. Download here.
Ask your Family Engagement Liaison for assistance.
Come to our Parent and Family Resource Center at 440 N. Broad Street for assistance.

Questions? Need Assistance?

For help with Child Abuse History Clearance, contact the Child Welfare Information Solution Help Center 1-877-343-0494

Complete a PA State Criminal History CheckCost: FREE for volunteers!
Access online: https://epatch.pa.gov
Directions:

Go to https://epatch.pa.gov
Click on “New Volunteer Record Check.”
Scroll to the bottom of the page and check off the “Volunteer Acknowledgement Section” to indicate that you agree to the terms and conditions. Then click “Accept.”
Fill out the Personal Information section:

For “Volunteer Organization Name,” write School District of Philadelphia.
For “Volunteer Organization Telephone Number,” write 215-400-4180.
Fill in the remaining boxes with your personal contact information. Once you finish, click “Next.”


Click “Proceed.”
Fill in the Record Check Request Form with your personal information. Please note: You are NOT required to include your Social Security Number, but doing so will allow you to receive your results more quickly.
Click “Enter This Request.”
Click “Finished.”
On the Record Check Request Review page, click “Submit.”
Once the page loads, click the number under “Control #” in order to retrieve a receipt of the Criminal History Clearance. It is recommended that you save or write down your ‘Control #’ for future reference and future access of your Criminal History Check.
Click the link that says “Certification Form.” Either print the form now or download it as a PDF by clicking “Save.”

No Email? No Problem!

Print and fill out a paper version of the clearance. Download here.
Ask your Family Engagement Liaison for assistance.
Come to our Parent and Family Resource Center at 440 N. Broad Street for assistance.

Questions? Need Assistance?

For help in completing the PA State Criminal History Check, contact the PATCH Helpdesk 1-888-783-7972

Complete FBI Background Check OR Sign Volunteer Affirmation FormChoose ONE of the following based on whether you have lived in Pennsylvania for the past 10 years:

If you have lived in Pennsylvania for the past 10 years…

The volunteer must affirm their 10-year Pennsylvania residency by signing the Volunteer Affirmation sheet.
The FBI Criminal History Background Check is NOT required if the volunteer has been a resident of Pennsylvania for the past ten years and swears or affirms that they have not been convicted of a prohibited offense listed in existing law or a similar offense in another jurisdiction.
Download the Volunteer Affirmation sheet
Albanian | Arabic | Chinese | English | French | Khmer | Russian | Spanish | Vietnamese


If you have NOT lived in Pennsylvania for the past 10 years…

FBI Criminal History Background Check with Fingerprinting
Cost: $23.25
First, you are required to pre-enroll with IdentoGo. Before you go to an IdentoGo site to get your fingerprinting done, you must pre-enroll via their website.
To Pre-Enroll for your FBI Fingerprint Clearance on the IdentoGo website:



Click here to go to the IdentoGo website.
You will be prompted to enter a Service Code to get started. Enter code 1KG6ZJ, which indicates that you are being fingerprinted for volunteering in the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Click on “Schedule or Manage Appointment.”
Click “Yes” to acknowledge that you are getting fingerprinted in order to volunteer and not for employment purposes.
Fill in your Essential Information, Additional Information, Citizenship Information, Personal Questions, Personal Information, Mailing Address, and Documents.



Once you are done pre-enrolling, you must find an IdentoGo site and schedule a time to get your fingerprinting done.



After you have finished successfully pre-enrolling, you must schedule an appointment to be fingerprinted at one of the IdentoGo sites. Click here to search for sites.
For your appointment, make sure to bring the necessary identification to confirm your identity and a form of payment. IdentoGo locations accept business checks, money orders, or credit card.



For more information about the transition visit the Digital Fingerprint & Electronic Criminal Background Check Services Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs).
For more information about the registration and fingerprint process visit the PA Department of Education’s Federal Criminal History Background Check page.
Questions? Need Assistance?
The School District of Philadelphia is not involved in the fingerprinting process. If you have questions, please contact IdentoGo at (844) 321-2101 or the Pennsylvania Department of Education at (717) 783-3750.
FBI Fingerprinting Updates for Receiving ResultsOn October 31, 2022, the Department of Human Services (DHS) began offering the ability for an applicant to receive their FBI results electronically. This opportunity is only available for applicants who are determined to be eligible and who do not have a record. Because of this process, modifications were made to the result letter. Specifically the acronym “FBI” and the reference to “fingerprint” were removed as dissemination of protected FBI information via email is prohibited. By removing these two items from the result letter it no longer contains any criminal justice information (CJI) which is protected by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) security policy. It is of utmost importance that an applicant’s CJI remains confidential and protected.
For more information Click Here.




3. Volunteer Orientation:


Complete the Volunteer Orientation within 45 days of starting and Print Your Certificate
Complete the Volunteer Orientation within 45 days of starting your volunteer work.
Note: This requirement also applies to returning volunteers who have not previously completed an orientation.
Choose your orientation method(The orientation session lasts approximately 45 minutes):

Online: Participate in our virtual Volunteer Orientation webinar. – After watching the orientation video, click the provided button to take the quiz and affirm that you have watched the entire video before receiving your certificate.
In-person: Attend an orientation session provided at schools by Family Engagement Liaisons.


After the orientation, take a short quiz to assess your understanding.
Upon passing the quiz, you will receive a Certificate of Completion.


Take the Volunteer Orientation Quiz




4. Review Volunteer Code of Conduct: 
Upon completion of all elements of the volunteer packet, read, print, and sign the Volunteer Code of Conduct to understand expectations and then provide it to the principal to certify.


 Have Questions? Click HereNews & Events


News & Events











AllFamily News & ResourcesFeatured FACEsHealth & WellnessMultilingual Family SupportPregnant & Parenting StudentsAll          Family News & Resources          Featured FACEs          Health & Wellness          Multilingual Family Support          Pregnant & Parenting Students          

Families Asking Questions (FAQs): What is the Volunteering Process?Parents Supporting Parents: Introducing the Sowing Seeds of Success Parent and Family Support GroupELECT’s 7th Annual Fatherhood SummitFamilies Asking Questions (FAQs): What are the Graduation Requirements?Families Asking Questions (FAQs): What is Bullying, Harassment, and Discrimination?Empowering Grandfamilies with SeniorLAW CenterFamilies Asking Questions (FAQs): Why Does Attendance Matter?Families Asking Questions (FAQs): “What is Food Insecurity?” with Eat Right Philly2023 Family Engagement ConferenceFamilies Asking Questions (FAQs): What is School Selection?Families Asking Questions (FAQs): Constituent ConcernsEVERFI & Citizens Post-High School Planning Educational SessionsMay 18 Workshop Preview: Summertime Opportunities for StudentsMay 25 Workshop Preview: Philadelphia Legal AssistanceHow can the School District of Philadelphia support children experiencing the incarceration of a loved one?April 13, 2023 Workshop: Keeping Your Family Safe OnlineParticipate in the Selection Process for Our Core Instructional ResourcesThe New SchoolCash Online Makes School-Related Purchases Safe, Quick, and Easy – Register Today!March 30 FACT Workshop Preview: Get What’s Yours Tax SessionMarch 16 FACT Workshop Preview : Drug Use in PhiladelphiaFebruary 23, 2023: Learn About the 211 Violence Prevention HotlineFebruary 16, 2023: Discover the Restorative Practices of the Office of School SafetyFACE’s Ultimate Guide to Report Card ConferencesComing to FACT on January 31: Legal Rights for Grandfamilies and Kinship CaregiversFive Fun and Free Ways to Enjoy Winter BreakKensington Health Sciences Academy  Celebrates Its 7th Annual Friendsgiving EventAcademic Calendar Feedback OpportunitiesTips for Productive Report Card ConferencesFive Ways You Can Engage with Your Child’s SchoolCrossing “Back-to-School Anxiety” Off Your Back-to-School ListWant to Volunteer at One of Our Schools? Summer Is the Perfect Time to Prepare!District Families Show How to Support Student Health with their School Advisory CouncilsDecatur Elementary Volunteer Shows That Giving is a Two-Way StreetGetting Back into the “Spring” of ThingsScholarships Available for Penn Museum Anthropology CampOctavius Catto Scholarship: Free College and the Support You Need to SucceedPracticing Self-Care for Families: Engaging Without Burning OutMary McLeod Bethune School Opens Its Doors to the Community for COVID Education and VaccinesSeeing Parents as Partners Earns Hancock Demonstration School Family-School Partnership AwardCongratulations to the 2021 Family Engagement Award Winners!Winter Holiday Safety Tips from District Medical Officer Dr. KlockFall in Love with Reading with the Free Library of Philadelphia! [November 2021]Family Involvement vs. Family Engagement: What’s the Difference?Welcoming our Youngest Families Back to School!Adjusting to In-Person Learning in the New School YearFind Your Story with the Free Library’s Summer of Wonder!Families Get Creative Together at Crayola WorkshopsPhiladelphia STEM Equity Collective – Call for Student Advisory Council ApplicationsJune 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: Transitioning from One School Year to the NextParent Shares Her Experience with the PTA at Charles W. Henry SchoolFamilies Learn from Each Other at the “Meeting of the SACs”May 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: The Benefits of SAC BylawsTwo Parents’ Responses to The Engagement Strategies at Strawberry Mansion High SchoolMay 2021 Family Offerings at the Free LibraryPhiladelphia STEM Equity Collective – Springing into Action!April 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: The Basics of SAC ElectionsApril 2021 Reading Promise: 5 Free Fun-in-the-sun Activities to Boost Reading This SpringListening Ears and Productive Strategies at Strawberry Mansion High SchoolSpring is in Full Swing at the Free Library of PhiladelphiaMarch 2021 Reading Promise: 76’ers Tobias Harris Has a Few Tips to Make Your Next Storytime a Slam DunkTake Time for Breakfast This March!March 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: Time for a Tune-Up!Assessing Needs and Finding Strategies to Meet Them at Overbrook Educational CenterSpring Into Reading with the Free Library’s Upcoming ProgrammingFebruary 2021 Reading Promise: We Read in ColorRead by 4th’s Parent Council Looking for LiaisonsYou Can Now Use Your EBT/SNAP Benefits to get Groceries Delivered From Your Couch!Clear Communication in the Forefront at Robert Morris SchoolFebruary 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: Collaborating with Other Family GroupsChoose a Healthier You in 2021!January 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: Taking SAC Meeting MinutesJay Cooke Elementary School: Meeting Families Where They ArePhiladelphia STEM Equity Collective – A New $10 M Program to Increase Diversity in Students Pursuing STEM CareersEnd the Year on a Healthy Note!December 2020 SAC Tip of the Month: SAC and School BudgetsStrengthening Family Bonds and Engagement At Philip H. Sheridan SchoolJoin us in Celebrating our Family Engagement Month Contest Winners!Check out the Free Library’s December Programs for Children, Teens, and Families!Meaningful Meals – Healthy Food Boxes for Families!Free Library of Philadelphia Fall Resources for Students and FamiliesNovember 2020 SAC Tip of the Month – Combining Title I and SAC MeetingsChoose a Healthier You This Holiday SeasonA Family Engagement Liaison’s Tips for Digitally Engaging FamiliesFree Library of Philadelphia Programs and Services for Students and Families This FallFALL in Love with Nutrition!October 2021 SAC Tip of the Month: The Benefits of Virtual MeetingsGet Connected this Family Engagement Month with Parent & Family Portal!Free Library of Philadelphia Back to School Resources for StudentsHelp Your Student Stay Healthy and Active During Digital LearningSeptember 2020 SAC Tip of the Month: Ways to Regather Virtually as a SACKeep Your Child Learning and Engaged into the Summer Months!Stay Healthy and Safe This Summer with Tips from Eat Right Philly100 Years of Summer at the Free Library of Philadelphia!Simple Tips to Ease At-Home Learning for FamiliesPCCY’s Child Helpline Helps Families Get Health Insurance for FREE and in Every Language!Check out the Free Library of Philadelphia’s Online Programming During School ClosuresFree Library of Philadelphia’s Virtual Resources and Digital ToolsFocusing on Health, Wellness, and Self-care During COVID-19 and School ClosuresVolunteer Spotlight: Parent Zulma GuzmanHealth and Well-Being Resources for FamiliesLearn About the Importance of Breakfast During National School Breakfast Week!The Power of Consistent Family Presence at Dr. Ethel AllenUnderstanding Literacy Progress Through Academic Parent Teacher Team MeetingsHelping New Americans Understand Reading LevelsA Community Effort at Chester A. Arthur SchoolStaying Active Can Keep A Child’s Mind and Body in Check!Checklist: Is Your School “Family-Friendly” and Welcoming to All?Philadelphia Futures Now Accepting Applications!The Power of Family StoriesA Volunteer with a Vision: Fox Chase Parent Dena KimballDr. Klock Talks FACT Courses Support You in Navigating Your Child’s HealthELECT Program Launches Breastfeeding InitiativeIntroducing the ELECT Coordinator: Teen Outreach!Reading List: Fusing Literacy and STEMUnderstanding Your Student’s “New Math”Philadelphia Futures Program Applications Opening January 2020!Embrace STEM Over the Winter RecessThe Power of Community Partnership and Collaboration at Stephen Girard Elementary SchoolSamuel Fels High School Opens Brand New Family Resource RoomParent Thomas Bailey Teaches Us The Merits of VolunteeringEat Right Philly & Wellness Teams: Helping Our Students Succeed!Questions for Families and Teachers for Productive Report Card ConferencesGet to Know Bilingual Counseling Assistants!What Family Engagement Means To Principal Marisol Rivera RodriguezSAT School Day and How Families Can Support High School Students with the SATs and PSATsEstablishing Good Homework HabitsHigh School Resource: Ellis Trust for GirlsYOU’RE INVITED! Annual Community Meeting on Policy 138: English Language Development and Bilingual Education ProgramSchool District of Philadelphia Hosts 11th Annual Back 2 School EventEstablish a Great Relationship with Your Child’s Teacher this School YearSpotlighting the Partnership Between School and Families at Tanner DuckreyHelp Your Child Conquer Kindergarten!Tips for Students (And Families) To Stay Physically Active During the SummerAvoid the Summer Slide this Summer Break!THANK YOU to All Who Participated in the 2019 End-of-Year Family Celebration!Congratulations to the 2019 SAC & Volunteer Award Winners!YOU’RE INVITED: FACE End-of-Year Family Celebration, May 24, 2019!Tips for Students (And Families!) To Stay Engaged at the End of the School YearA Huge THANK YOU to Those Who Participated in the Multilingual Family Conference!The Heart Goes a Long Way at Dunbar!From the Principal’s Desk: The Importance of the Parent Volunteer ProgramParent Volunteer Jennifer Cullen Spotlights Endless Reasons to Volunteer!Parent Volunteer Agnes Parrish Reminds Us About the Power of the Small ThingsApril SAC Tip of the Month: How SACs Can Utilize and Mobilize VolunteersLow Cost, High Impact Volunteer Appreciation IdeasApply to Serve on the District Advisory Council today!Reading List for Multilingual Children and FamiliesMarch SAC Tip of the Month: How SACs Can Discuss, Promote, and Improve Literacy5 Tips for Enhancing Your School’s Literacy EventsCome Learn Skills, Not Just for Parenting, but for Life!Getting More Families Engaged in Middle and High Schools2017-18 School Progress Results: Now Available!Family Leadership Award Winner Haviva Goldman: Stepping Forward with New InitiativesFamily School Partnership Award Winner Julia R. Masterman: Unifying Diverse PopulationsFebruary SAC Tip of the Month: Using Technology to Facilitate SAC MeetingsDuckrey Families Show How SAC Academy Workshops Can Be Adapted for Your School CommunityKindergarten Registration is Open!Give Your Feedback on Kindergarten Family ResourcesJanuary SAC Tip of the Month: Keep Up the Momentum in the New Calendar YearEnsure Your Child is Prepared for Keystone Exams!How to Sustain Great Attendance in the Winter Months!Don’t Miss the Productive Conversations at Your School’s Winter Title I Meeting!Learn the Meaning of True Family-School Partnership at Overbrook Educational CenterPotter-Thomas All Star Volunteer: Luz PrattsHow to Keep Kids Engaged Over Winter BreakDecember School Advisory Council Tip of the Month – How to Get the Community Involved in SACFamily Leadership Award Winner Glenda White Shows Us the Power of Presence at James J. Sullivan SchoolInterpretation Services 101: Tips and Information for AllCelebrating 25 Years of Service with Pregnant and Parenting Students!APTT Individual Sessions…Talk about Family Engagement!Family School Partnership Award Winner: Abram S. Jenks SchoolLearn About Multilingual Family Supports: Welcome Wagons & Circles of LiteracyA Huge THANK YOU to our Roadmap Conference Participants and CONGRATULATIONS to the Family Engagement Award Winners!Academic Parent Teacher Teams are Fully Underway for the 18-19 School Year!Check out the Family Academy Courses Designed Especially for Multilingual Families!Meet the FACE Office Multilingual Family Support Unit!November School Advisory Council Tip of the MonthBig Things are Happening at Nebinger Elementary School!ELECT Team Ensures Pregnant and Teen Parents Feel Prepared to Feed Their Families!Ideas for School-Level Family EngagementMultilingual Family Support Team Welcomes All Families and Breaks Down Supports and ServicesFACE Deputy Chief Invites YOU to the Roadmap for Navigating the School District of Philadelphia Conference!Parent & Family Portal is One of the Easiest Ways to Engage in Your Child’s Education. Don’t Miss Out!Innovator of the Month: NW PHL Public SchoolsWant to Learn More about FACE Liaisons? We’re Here to Help!ELECT Team Reflects on Teen FatherhoodA Huge Thank You to All Who Participated in the 10th Annual Back 2 School Event!Rapper Meek Mill Donates 6,000 Backpacks and Visits Blaine Elementary SchoolAcademic Parent-Teacher Teams Come to Philadelphia!District Expands and Formally Adopts Policy on Pregnant, Parenting, and Married StudentsHow to Start Off the Year on the Right Foot with Your Child’s New TeacherBack-to-School Traditions in GermanyPlaces to Stay Active during the School Year: Philly EditionSix Simple Ways You Can Help Your Student Get to School On TimeFACE Office Awards FACT and Volunteer Awards!Congratulations to all SAC Award Winners!Harding Hosts Two Community Engagement Events in Two Weeks!After the Storm: A Father and Son Rebuild in Philadelphia2nd Annual Northeast Reading Family Extravaganza Fosters a Love of Reading in ChildrenA HUGE Thank You to All Who Participated in the FACE End of Year Family Celebration!Volunteer Appreciation Month RecapSAC Parent and FACE Deputy Chief Share Expertise on Panel at William Penn Foundation EventFACT Course Spotlight: “Eat.Healthy, Be.Happy” by the Eat.Right.Now. ProgramMayfair SAC Hosts Educational Family NightParent Spotlight: Sana Hassan, Robert B. Pollock Elementary SchoolMulticulturalism in Education: IndonesiaThe Power of SAC & Community Partnerships: Webster School’s New Community LibraryFACE Celebrates Volunteer Appreciation Week with Clifford Reading Parties!You are Cordially Invited to the End-of-Year Family Celebration!Community Partnerships at Bayard Taylor SchoolWilliam McKinley Holds “Week of Peace”Tips for Recognizing the Volunteers at Your School#IVolunteerBecause: Maritza Cedeño#IVolunteerBecause: Ceci Santana, Feltonville Intermediate SchoolFACE Office Hosts a Trip to the PTO Today Live ExpoParent Spotlight: Shontay McClam, Volunteer at The U SchoolSAC Meetings and Learning Walks at Laura H. Carnell Elementary SchoolVolunteering Around the World: SingaporeApril is Volunteer Appreciation Month!Letter from the Superintendent: The March 14 Student WalkoutComing March 12, 2018: New Parent & Family Portal!Introducing Dr. Natalie Mathurin, Our New Medical Director of Student Support ServicesMarch Madness (For Reading!)Read a message from District Medical Director about the FluEducational Services and Tablets available for Philly Youth in HUD-Assisted HousingFamily School Partnership Award Winner: James J. Sullivan SchoolSchool Grants Available from Action for Healthy KidsPhiladelphia Science Festival to Hold STEM Career ShowcaseWarren G. Harding Middle School Hosts a Successful Math and Literacy NightParent & Guardian and District-Wide Student Survey Now Open!Project-Based Learning Schools hold Symposium on Mass IncarcerationPhilly Schools Make Huge Progress towards Anchor GoalsLiteracy Around the World: GermanyFACT Course Spotlight: The Welcoming CenterRegister Now for the Franklin Institute’s Discovery Camp!Scholarship Alert: PHA Cash 4 SuccessFREE Job Readiness Training for Job SeekersBryant School Demonstrates the Importance of School PartnershipsGreen City, Clean Waters 2018 Art ContestAttendance Hero SweepstakesComing Soon to the School District of Philadelphia: Academic Parent Teacher Teams!Inside a SAC Meeting: Overbrook Educational CenterFamily Leadership Award Winner Crystal Dailey Shares Her Experience as a Volunteer at Penrose Elementary SchoolFACT Course Spotlight: The Fathering CircleFACT Course Spotlight: Writing Grants for Philadelphia Public SchoolsFamily Engagement Around the World: JapanFREE BACKPACK ALERT! Kids in Need Foundation is Giving Away 25,000 Backpacks to Schools‘Tis the Season to Cook (and Read) Together!Introducing FACT: Family Academy: Courses & TrainingFree Books For Read Across America DayNational Title I Conference Coming to Philadelphia!PSAT Score Release and ResourcesNominations Open for 2017-2018 Lindback Awards for Distinguished TeachingParent Guides to K-8 Report CardsDonorsChoose Alert for Teachers: Get a 2x Match on Family Engagement Event Projects!Building Trust Between Schools and FamiliesIntegrating Restorative Practices into Family Engagement ProgrammingFamily School Partnership Award Winner: Science Leadership Academy High SchoolJeanette Rivera: A Force of Fun and Positivity for Students and StaffHow to Have Successful Parent-Teacher ConferencesFirst-Ever Family Conference, A Roadmap to Navigating the School District of Philadelphia, is a HUGE Success!Hill Harper Visits the School District of PhiladelphiaBarry Elementary: Crafting a Meaningful Volunteer ExperienceFamily Leadership Award High School Level Winner: Joseph SantoreFamily Leadership Award Middle School Level Winner: Crystal DaileyFamily Leadership Award Elementary School Level Winner: Jeanette RiveraFamily School Partnership Award Winner: Bodine High SchoolWhat do Philadelphia "Back to School Nights" Look Like to an Out-of-Towner?Family Engagement Around the World: ScotlandIt’s School Selection Season!How Do We "Listen" to Families? Try a Human-Centered Design ApproachTips for Teachers: Building Relationships with FamiliesGet to Know FACE: Who We Are, What We DoSAT/PSAT Testing Day: Wednesday, October 11, 2017FACEtime with Our Staff: LaShaé SpratleyFamily Engagement Around the World: TanzaniaFamily Engagement Around the World: IndiaFamily Engagement Superstar: Andrew McKnight, William Dick SchoolListening and Learning as a Way to Improve Communication with Multilingual FamiliesCode for Philly Builds App for Philly Students to help with College ApplicationsFamily Members Get Inspired during July’s SPAC ConferenceFACE Hosts the 9th Annual Back to School EventVirtual Summer Programming Fair: June 17, 2020Load more




Stay Up to Date!

The Focus on FACE Newsletter is emailed every month with District announcements, blog articles on best practices for family engagement, and—most importantly—inspiring stories from parents, family members, staff, students, and community members across the School District of Philadelphia.
Sign Up for Our Newsletter!




Read Focus on FACE Newsletter


2023-2024 School Year
September 2023
October 2023
November 2023
December 2023
January 2024
February 2024
March 2024
April 2024
May 2024
June 2024

2022-2023 School Year
September 2022
October 2022
November 2022
December 2022
January 2023
February 2023
March 2023
April 2023
May 2023
June 2023

2021-2022 School Year
September 2021
October 2021
November 2021
December 2021
January 2022
February 2022
March 2022
April 2022
May 2022
June 2022




Have an idea for an article, story, or opportunity? Let us know by sending an email to face@philasd.org.


Staff Resources School Leaders FACE StaffContact Us













Contact Us
Office Hours
Monday– Friday
8:30 am – 5:00 pm
Phone: 215-400-4180
Fax: 215-400-4181
440 N. Broad St.
Philadelphia, PA 19130
Suite 114
Multilingual Hotlines
215-400-8480 – SHQIP
215-400-8481 – عربي
215-400-8482 – 汉语
215-400-8483 – Français
215-400-8484 – ខ្មែរ
215-400-8474 – Português
215-400-8485 – Русский
215-400-8489 – Español
215-400-8487 – Việt
* For all other languages Click Here


Something Missing? Broken Link?Submit Feedback




Last modified: June 24, 2024






Families
Students
Employees
Calendar
Parent Portal
Login





Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
© The School District of Philadelphia440 N. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19130call us at215-400-4000


Terms of Use•
Privacy Policy•
Notice of Nondiscrimination•
Website Accessibility•
Accommodations•
Philasd.org•


































