Website: https://www.flagstaffacademy.org/apps/pages/board-of-directors-welcome 











Flagstaff Academy Board of Directors

























































Skip to main content






Main Menu Toggle


About Us


Leadership Message
School Mission
School Hours
Strategic Plan
Financial Transparency
Before and After School Care
What is a Charter School
Board of Directors
Employment
Staff Directory
Student Teaching
FAQs
Donate










Academics


Learning Environment
Core Knowledge
Academic Calendars
Preschool
Elementary School
Middle School
Science and Technology
Foreign Language, Arts, & Music
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education
Physical Education
Flagstaff Academy Library
Gifted & Talented










Culture


Dragon Culture
PTO
Volunteer at Flagstaff
Student Leadership
Student Support
Counseling Department
Athletics
Community Partnerships
Flagstaff Family-Owned Businesses
Alumni
Clubs and Activities
Weather and School Closures










Science & Technology


About Flagstaff Science and Technology
Elementary School Science
Elementary School Technology
Middle School Science
Middle School Technology
Greenhouse Classroom
Outdoor Education










Enrollment


Enrolling at Flagstaff Academy
Preschool Enrollment
School Tours
Open Enrollment FAQs
Online Application
New to Longmont?










Contact Us


Contact Us
Attendance
Activity Fees and Payments
Health Clerk
Events Calendar
Dragon Communications














Header Secondary Links

Parent Portal




Search

Search

Search




Social Media - Header

Facebook
Instagram
YouTube







Board of Directors

            
    

    
        » Board of Directors

Board of Directors





Next Board of Directors Meeting
Tuesday, June 4, at 5:30 p.m.
in the Flagstaff Academy Library
 


Flagstaff Academy, a public charter school within the St. Vrain Valley School District, is governed by a Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is made up of a dedicated group of volunteers who make the strategic decisions to keep our school's operations in line with our mission and vision by providing the school administration the necessary resources and support to be successful. The Board of Directors is responsible for setting the annual school budget, reviewing and approving the school curriculum, establishing policies and procedures consistent with Flagstaff's mission, hiring the Executive Director, long range planning, site and facility development, and many other decisions relating to the direction, financing, and operation of Flagstaff Academy. The Board of Directors oversee several committees that report recommendations and serve to help the Board of Directors govern the school. Board of Directors members serve three-year terms and are elected to the Board of Directors by Flagstaff Academy parents. Meet the Board.


Public Records Request (CORA)
 
Flagstaff Academy complies with the Colorado Open Records Act (CORA) in terms of public review of district records [Board Policy KDB and KDB-R]. Information attainable by CORA requests include any writing that is made, kept or maintained by Flagstaff Academy, emails and records that are stored in digital filing systems, computers or servers.
Flagstaff Academy's records are public, unless otherwise protected, and shall be available within three business days from the initial request. If the record exists but cannot be gathered within the three-day period, the delivery date shall be extended an additional seven working days. The requestor shall be notified of the extension within the first three days of receiving the request. Format requests will be considered, but Flagstaff Academy reserves the right to provide information in the format the School deems most appropriate.
 
To request public records from Flagstaff Academy, please fill out this form. 
 
Full details concerning fees for CORA request protocols can be found at https://www.flagstaffacademy.org/apps/pages/school-fees-payments




State of the School Presentation







BOD Annual State of the School Presentation - 2021-22


BOD Annual State of the School Presentation - 2020-21


BOD Annual State of the School Presentation - 2019-20


BOD Annual State of the School Presentation - 2018-19






To communicate with the Board as a whole, or submit a public comment for reading at a Board meeting, please email [email protected]









Board of Directors




Meet The Board




Agendas, Minutes, Documents 2024-2025 




Agendas, Minutes, Documents 2023-2024




Board Committees 




School Accountability Committee (SAC)




Organizational Structure








Flagstaff Academy Board of Directors Handbook - 2023-11


Flagstaff_Bylaws-Master-29OCT2023


Facility Use Policy


Title IX- Sexual Harrasment Investigation Policy


Org Structure FY24 Final


FA 2023-2024 BOD Meeting Dates












2040 Miller Dr., Longmont, CO 80501
Phone: (303) 651-7900 
Fax: (303) 651-7922 


M-F 7:45AM - 4:00PM


EARLY STUDENT PICKUP CLOSES AT 3:15 PM






Footer Links

Support Flagstaff Academy
Financial Transparency
Board of Directors
Volunteer







Powered by Edlio

Edlio Login 





Staff Directory
Calendar
News
Contact
 









