Website: https://rcalternativeacademy.rcas.org/our-school/staff/ 






  



RCAA Staff – Rapid City Alternative Academy





























Skip to content
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display











										Rapid City									

										alternative academy									

 






Careers





Menus





Calendar



 
 
 
 



District Home

































































Menu






About



                        Bell Schedule                      



                        Our Programs                      

 
 

Students
 

Parents
 

Our School



                        How Parents Can View Canvas                      



                        Instructional Materials                      



                        Notes from the Nurse                      



                        RCAA Staff                      



                        Registrar and Records                      



                        School Counseling and Advising                      



                        Syllabi                      



                        The Learning Zone                      

 
 


Quick Links



                      Announcements                    



                      Calendar                    



                      Family Access                    



                      Library                    



                      Lunch Menu                    



                      OverDrive/Sora                    



                      Peachjar Flyers                    



                      Syllabi                    



                      Instructional Materials                    



                      RC Alternative Academy Staff Directory                    



                      Report Bullying                    

 
 





            District Home
          
 

 
 
 

google-translate

 




open/close search
 





	                      Search Rapid City Alternative Academy	                    



Search
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        RCAA Staff       
 
 







Home
Our School
RCAA Staff


PRINCIPAL
 

Mrs. Jennifer Roberts – Principal | jennifer.roberts@k12.sd.us
This is my third year as assistant principal at Rapid City High School. I love being at RCAA, the students, their families, and the staff who work here are wonderful people.
I was a high school art teacher for 16 years and have been a principal for 5 years. I grew up in Wyoming and went to Black Hills State University for my teaching degree and I am a Nationally Board-Certified teacher. I earned a Master’s Degree in Curriculum and Instruction from BHSU as well and a Specialist Degree in school administration from the University of South Dakota. I decided to teach because I loved my elementary school art teacher and I wanted to be just like her. I am married and have two children. My son, Jackson, and his wife live in Wyoming. My daughter, Morgan, lives in Spearfish. In my spare time I enjoy reading, thrift shopping, and riding my bicycle.
ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL
Mr. Randy Seales – Assistant Principal | randall.seales@k12.sd.us
 
REGISTRAR
Mrs. Samantha Wentworth – Registrar | samantha.wentworth@k12.sd.us


ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANTS
 
Mrs. Rhonda Lipp – Secretary to the Principal | rhonda.lipp@k12.sd.us
Ms. Peggy Windle – Truancy Secretary | peggy.windle@k12.sd.us
Ms. Julie Bybee – Attendance Secretary | julie.bybee@k12.sd.us
Ms. Renea Dadah – Records Secretary | renea.dadah@k12.sd.us

SECURITY
Officer Garrett Loen –-RCPD Liaison Officer | garrett.loen@k12.sd.us
Lori Fippin – Security officer | lori.fippin@k12.sd.us
 
Chad Melanson – Security officer | chad.melanson@k12.sd.us
 

STAFF
 
Mr. Blake Addison – Counselor | blake.addison@k12.sd.us
Ms. Marissa Arnold – Science | marissa.arnold@k12.sd.us
 
Mr. Sean Binder – Internship Coordinator | sean.binder@k12.sd.us 
Finally devoting myself fully to what has been a lifelong passion for teaching and youth services, I joined the Rapid City High School team in 2018. I recently moved back to the beautiful Black Hills or South Dakota from Denver, Colorado where I worked in both the public and private sectors around youth services. I also have experience in non-profit management, public speaking, emergency medicine, outdoor education, juvenile diversion, and am a certified scuba diver. This breadth of experience with many more professional experiences has joined nicely with the Youth Internship course and work-based learning programs. Rapid City Alternative Academy is an amazing school that truly focus on the whole student. I am thankful every day for the incredible students and amazing staff.
 
Mr. Kraig Blomme – Computer Applications | kraig.blomme@k12.sd.us
 
 Mr. Kevin Dorsman – English Teacher | kevin.dorsman@k12.sd.us  

The year was 1999 and my aunt and uncle patiently awaited my name to be called and watch me accept my diploma from Black Hills State University.  I received my BS in Education and majored in Fine Art and English.  Although my intentions were good, I had forgotten to inform my relatives that I had won an all-expense paid vacation, over my graduation date, to Cozumel, Mexico.  Needless to say, later that evening, I had a confused and worried voicemail from my aunt as to why I was not at my graduation.  That voice mail cost me nearly $5 in international roaming fees.  From that day on, I was acutely aware of covering all my bases.


Prior to joining the staff at Rapid City Alternative Academy, I traveled, played music across the United States and had a career in management that spanned nearly 15 years and ranged from retail to financial services.  I had always gravitated toward staff development roles and felt the desire to pursue my own classroom.  Today I can be found tucked away on the fourth floor, blissfully reading, writing, correcting papers and listening to music.

 
Ms. Merissa Gehm – Nurse | merissa.gehm@k12.sd.us
Ms. Kara Halverson – Social Studies | kara.halverson@k12.sd.us
 Ms. Halie Helgeson – English | halie.helgeson@k12.sd.us
 Mr. Michael Herren – Science | michael.herren@k12.sd.us
 Ms. Halli Kavanaugh – GED | halli.kavanaugh@k12.sd.us
Ms. Mary Lager – Science | mary.lager@k12.sd.us
Ms. Leslie Lowe – SPED Teacher | leslie.lowe@k12.sd.us
Mr. Scott Marshaus – Counselor: Lifeways | scott.marshaus@k12.sd.us
 Mr. Dennis Morton – English | dennis.morton@k12.sd.us
Ms. Cecile O’Neill – Math | cecile.oneill@k12.sd.us
Ms. Sue Podoll – Suspension/ Expulsion | sue.podoll@k12.sd.us
Mr. Paul Pool – PE/Social Studies | paul.pool@k12.sd.us 
– H.S.: Chandler High School – Chandler, Oklahoma.
– Bachelor of Science in education degree from Northeastern State University, Tahlequah, Oklahoma.
– Hobbies: hunting, fishing, and golf.
– Family:  wife – Courtney, son: Cael (9), daughter: Pyper (6).
– 24 years teaching:  15 in Allen, Texas and 9 in Rapid City
 
 Ms. Mikayla Quenzer – English | mikayla.quenzer@k12.sd.us
 
 
 Mr. Jesse Sporrer – Social Studies Teacher | jesse.sporrer@k12.sd.us 
Mr. Jacob Rigge – Social Studies | jacob.rigge@k12.sd.us
Mr. Thomas Trimble – Science | thomas.trimble@k12.sd.us
Mr. Robert Wechsler – Special Education | rob.wechsler@k12.sd.us
 
 
 Mr. Matt Wiebe – Art Teacher | matthew.wiebe@k12.sd.us 
Wiebe’s undergraduate studies have included Art and Science education from Black Hills State University. He earned a Master of Science degree in Curriculum and Instruction from Kansas State University. He has taught in a variety of settings ranging from the sub-Saharan country of Burkina Faso in West Africa as a Peace Corps volunteer to middle and high school instruction in Fisher, IL (go Bunnies!) to the cadaver labs of an Illinois community college and Kansas State University. Matt has also been an instructional designer with a national for-profit university and with a two-year Technical College. He is excited to draw upon his diverse experiences and skills at RCHS helping students develop their creativity!

SUPPORT STAFF
 
Ms. Sharon Conway – SPED Paraprofessional | sharon.l.conway@k12.sd.us
Mrs. Dianna Komes – ISS Lead Paraprofessional | dianna.komes@k12.sd.us
Ms. Kimberley Kringen – SPED Paraprofessional | kimberley.kringen@k12.sd.us
 Ms. Joyce Linn – Learning Zone Paraprofessional | joyce.linn@k12.sd.us
I started my illustrious career with the school district as a lunch/playground supervisor for one year at Pinedale Elementary. After that I moved to the cafeteria at Stevens High School, I worked in there for two years. I made the decision to take the test that would allow me to become a Para.
 This is my thirteenth year as a Para Educator, I worked in the Academic Resource Center at Stevens High School for ten years and then moved to Rapid City Alternative Academy to oversee ISS. I was only in the ISS room for one year and now reside in an Edgenuity classroom.
The best part of my job is helping students succeed in high school and seeing them move on to bigger, better things.
Ms. Kelly Oborny – Paraprofessional | Kelli.Oborny@k12.sd.us
 
 Ms. Sheila Walker – Learning Zone Paraprofessional | sheila.walker@k12.sd.us
I have worked for the Rapid City School District since 2000. The first 6 years I enjoyed being a substitute for teachers, paraprofessionals and secretaries. I worked with every grade level, each school in Rapid City, and all the different subjects taught. I finally went full-time in 2007, starting at National American University with the Oyate program. Followed by a move to Career Learning Center, still with Oyate but with an added G.E.D for under 18. Final destination is Rapid City Alternative Academy in 2012, here I was moved to The Learning Zone, a room which offers assistance for all students needing extra help with any subject. Back in 2017-2018 school year, I was honored to be added as,” The Information Media Specialist”, (Librarian for short) Final words: “Hello there, I work in Learning Zone and Library.”

Facilities Care Team
 
Ms. Lillian Culbertson – Night Team Lead | lillian.culbertson@k12.sd.us
Mr. Paul Montoya – Custodial Coordinator/ Maintenance (day) | paul.montoya@k12.sd.us
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







            Our School Menu

 

The Learning Zone
RCAA Staff
How Parents Can View Canvas
Notes from the Nurse
Registrar and Records
School Counseling and Advising

7 Crucial Steps to Minimize Drama in Your Life
Circle of Strength
Improving Your Mood
It’s not just about the books…
Knowing What to Expect


Syllabi
Instructional Materials
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 






            Back to top
            

 

            Inspire. Innovate. Excel.           

          Rapid City Area Schools625 9th StreetRapid City, SD 57701Phone (605) 394-4031  


Website by


 
 
 
 

Quick Links
Crisis Resources
Accessibility Statement
Employee Portal
Title IX
COVID-19
Student Office 365 Portal
Staff Directory

 

Social





            Facebook          






            Vimeo          






            Instagram          


 
 
 
 
 
 






